-
>HA and curli production by strain chi7122 were abolished by disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene.
>HA and curli production by strain chi7122 are abolished by disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene.
>Disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene abolished HA and curli production by strain chi7122.
>Disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene abolish HA and curli production by strain chi7122.
>HA and curli production by strain chi7122 has been abolished by disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene.
>HA and curli production by strain chi7122 will be abolished by disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene.
>HA and curli production by strain chi7122 which were abolished by disruption of rpoS, mlrA or csgA, the curli subunit gene.
-
>This acid resistance was abolished by deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression.
>This acid resistance is abolished by deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression.
>This acid resistance has been abolished by deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression.
>This acid resistance will be abolished by deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression.
>deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression abolished this acid resistance.
>deletion of ydeP, ydeO, or yhiE, which was induced by EvgA overexpression abolish this acid resistance.
-
>Furthermore, the deletion of yhiE completely abolished acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance.
>Furthermore, the deletion of yhiE completely abolishes acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance.
>Furthermore, the deletion of yhiE completely has abolished acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance.
>Furthermore, the deletion of yhiE completely will abolish acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance.
>acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance is completely abolished by the deletion of yhiE.
>acid resistance in stationary-phase cells, suggesting that YhiE plays a critical role in stationary-phase acid resistance was completely abolished by the deletion of yhiE.
-
>Mutations in the fhlA gene also abolished production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity.
>Mutations in the fhlA gene also abolish production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity.
>Mutations in the fhlA gene also has abolished production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity.
>Mutations in the fhlA gene also will abolish production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity.
>production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity are abolished by Mutations in the fhlA gene.
>production of the hydrogenase activity associated with formate hydrogenlyase activity were abolished by Mutations in the fhlA gene.
-
>Insertions which abolish Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Insertions which abolished Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Insertions abolish Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Insertions abolished Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Insertions will abolish Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Insertions has abolished Alp activity interrupt this open reading frame.
>Alp activity this open reading frame was abolished by Insertions.
>Alp activity this open reading frame is abolished by Insertions.
-
>The cpx101 mutation abolishes cpxA phosphatase activity and results in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
>The cpx101 mutation abolished cpxA phosphatase activity and resulted in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
>The cpx101 mutation will abolish cpxA phosphatase activity and results in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
>The cpx101 mutation has abolished cpxA phosphatase activity and resulted in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
>The cpx101 mutation which abolishes cpxA phosphatase activity and results in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
>The cpx101 mutation which abolished cpxA phosphatase activity and resulted in the accumulation of phosphorylated CpxR.
-
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) abolishes torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) abolished torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) will abolish torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) has abolished torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) which abolishes torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
>In addition, deletion of the distal tor box (box1) which abolished torC induction whereas the presence of a DNA fragment starting three bases upstream from box1 suffices for normal torC expression.
-
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or alter the phasing of the binding sites result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or altered the phasing of the binding sites result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or has altered the phasing of the binding sites result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or will alter the phasing of the binding sites result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
-
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibits binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibited binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and altered binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibits binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and will altered binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibited binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and has altered binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibits binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and which alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibited binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and which altered binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
-
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation altered the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation alters the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation has altered the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation will altered the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation which altered the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
>Moreover, a fruR null mutation which alters the rates of utilization of at least 36 carbon sources.
-
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby altered expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby alter expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby which altered expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby which alter expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby has altered expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
>The results provide insight into a mechanism whereby will alter expression of Bcl-3 leads to tumorigenic potential.
-
>Alanine is thought to act as an inducer to block the action of a postulated repressor.
>Alanine blocked the action of a postulated repressor.
>Alanine blocks the action of a postulated repressor.
>the action of a postulated repressor is blocked by Alanine.
>the action of a postulated repressor was blocked by Alanine.
-
>Proteasomal inhibition did not induce any synergistic effect on the 14-3-3eta-induced increase in GR in response to glucocorticoid, and inhibition of translation did not block elevation of GR by 14-3-3eta, indicating that 14-3-3eta induces stabilization of GR.
>Proteasomal inhibition did not induce any synergistic effect on the 14-3-3eta-induced increase in GR in response to glucocorticoid, and inhibition of translation does not block elevation of GR by 14-3-3eta, indicating that 14-3-3eta induces stabilization of GR.
>Proteasomal inhibition did not induce any synergistic effect on the 14-3-3eta-induced increase in GR in response to glucocorticoid, and inhibition of translation will not block elevation of GR by 14-3-3eta, indicating that 14-3-3eta induces stabilization of GR.
>Proteasomal inhibition did not induce any synergistic effect on the 14-3-3eta-induced increase in GR in response to glucocorticoid, and inhibition of translation has not block elevation of GR by 14-3-3eta, indicating that 14-3-3eta induces stabilization of GR.
-
>PU.1 is upregulated early during commitment of multipotential progenitors to the myeloid lineages and inhibition of PU.1 function in human CD34+ progenitors prior to this-upregulation blocks myeloid colony formation.
>PU.1 is upregulated early during commitment of multipotential progenitors to the myeloid lineages and inhibition of PU.1 function in human CD34+ progenitors prior to this-upregulation blocked myeloid colony formation.
>PU.1 is upregulated early during commitment of multipotential progenitors to the myeloid lineages and inhibition of PU.1 function in human CD34+ progenitors prior to this-upregulation will block myeloid colony formation.
>PU.1 is upregulated early during commitment of multipotential progenitors to the myeloid lineages and inhibition of PU.1 function in human CD34+ progenitors prior to this-upregulation has blocked myeloid colony formation.
>PU.1 is upregulated early during commitment of multipotential progenitors to the myeloid lineages and inhibition of PU.1 function in human CD34+ progenitors prior to this-upregulation which blocks myeloid colony formation.
-
>These results suggest that 14-3-3eta functions as a positive regulator in the glucocorticoid signal pathway by blocking the degradation of GR and inducing an elevation of GR, thus enhancing the transcriptional activity of GR.
>These results suggest that 14-3-3eta functions as a positive regulator in the glucocorticoid signal pathway through blocking the degradation of GR and inducing an elevation of GR, thus enhancing the transcriptional activity of GR.
>These results suggest that 14-3-3eta functions as a positive regulator in the glucocorticoid signal pathway for blocking the degradation of GR and inducing an elevation of GR, thus enhancing the transcriptional activity of GR.
>These results suggest that 14-3-3eta functions as a positive regulator in the glucocorticoid signal pathway that blocked the degradation of GR and inducing an elevation of GR, thus enhancing the transcriptional activity of GR.
-
>In addition, EvgA overexpression did not confer resistance in a tolC-deficient strain.
>In addition, EvgA overexpression does not confer resistance in a tolC-deficient strain.
>In addition, EvgA overexpression will not confer resistance in a tolC-deficient strain.
>In addition, EvgA overexpression has not confer resistance in a tolC-deficient strain.
>resistance in a tolC-deficient strain was confered by EvgA overexpression.
>resistance in a tolC-deficient strain is confered by EvgA overexpression.
-
>Disruption of narL decreases nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
>Disruption of narL decreased nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
>Disruption of narL will decrease nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
>Disruption of narL has decreased nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
>Disruption of narL which decreases nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
>Disruption of narL which decreased nitrite induction of the nirB promoter whilst not suppressing induction by nitrate, suggesting that there may be a second nitrate-responsive factor.
-
>Deletion of the arcA gene caused about a 2-fold increase in the ptsG expression, and overexpression of ArcA significantly decreased glucose consumption.
>Deletion of the arcA gene caused about a 2-fold increase in the ptsG expression, and overexpression of ArcA significantly decreased glucose consumption.
>Deletion of the arcA gene caused about a 2-fold increase in the ptsG expression, and overexpression of ArcA significantly has decreased glucose consumption.
>Deletion of the arcA gene caused about a 2-fold increase in the ptsG expression, and overexpression of ArcA significantly will decrease glucose consumption.
>Deletion of the arcA gene caused about a 2-fold increase in the ptsG expression, and overexpression of ArcA significantly which decreased glucose consumption.
-
>The production of C51 microcin decreased or was absent in rpoS, crp and cya mutant cells.
>The production of C51 microcin decreases or was absent in rpoS, crp and cya mutant cells. 
>The production of C51 microcin will decrease or was absent in rpoS, crp and cya mutant cells. 
>The production of C51 microcin has decreased or was absent in rpoS, crp and cya mutant cells. 
>The production of C51 microcin  that decreased or was absent in rpoS, crp and cya mutant cells. 
-
>marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.
>marA locus decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.
>marA locus decreases expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.
>expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli was decreased by marA locus.
>expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli is decreased by marA locus.
-
>Study of the promoter-lacZ gene fusions introduced into the chromosome indicated that galS expression was elevated in cells in which the normal galS gene was interrupted, but not in cells in which the galR gene was deleted.
>Study of the promoter-lacZ gene fusions introduced into the chromosome indicated that galS expression was elevated in cells in which the normal galS gene was interrupted, but not in cells in which the galR gene is deleted.
>Study of the promoter-lacZ gene fusions introduced into the chromosome indicated that galS expression was elevated in cells in which the normal galS gene was interrupted, but not in cells in which the galR gene will be deleted.
>Study of the promoter-lacZ gene fusions introduced into the chromosome indicated that galS expression was elevated in cells in which the normal galS gene was interrupted, but not in cells in which the galR gene has been deleted.
-
>Mutation of the hns gene in E. coli has resulted in strong expression of the V. fischeri lux system at low cell density even in an rpoS deleted strain of E. coli that emits very low levels of luminescence.
>Mutation of the hns gene in E. coli has resulted in strong expression of the V. fischeri lux system at low cell density even in an rpoS that is deleted strain of E. coli that emits very low levels of luminescence.
>Mutation of the hns gene in E. coli has resulted in strong expression of the V. fischeri lux system at low cell density even in an rpoS which was deleted strain of E. coli that emits very low levels of luminescence.
-
>Studies with strains deleted for the micF locus showed that the marA-dependent reduction of OmpF required an intact micF locus.
>Studies with strains which were deleted for the micF locus showed that the marA-dependent reduction of OmpF required an intact micF locus.
>Studies with strains which are deleted for the micF locus showed that the marA-dependent reduction of OmpF required an intact micF locus.
>Studies with strains which has been deleted for the micF locus showed that the marA-dependent reduction of OmpF required an intact micF locus.
>Studies with strains which will be deleted for the micF locus showed that the marA-dependent reduction of OmpF required an intact micF locus.
-
>To isolate cDNA clones that dominantly inhibit the DNA-binding activity of Oct-2, chosen as a representative factor, we have developed a novel screening system.
>To isolate cDNA clones that dominantly inhibit the DNA-binding activity of Oct-2, chosen as a representative factor, we developed a novel screening system.
>To isolate cDNA clones that dominantly inhibit the DNA-binding activity of Oct-2, chosen as a representative factor, we will develop a novel screening system.
>To isolate cDNA clones that dominantly inhibit the DNA-binding activity of Oct-2, chosen as a representative factor, we develop a novel screening system.
>To isolate cDNA clones that dominantly inhibit the DNA-binding activity of Oct-2, chosen as a representative factor, we which develop a novel screening system.
-
>When both genes were disrupted, galS expression was further elevated.
>When both genes are disrupted, galS expression is further elevated.
>When both genes will be disrupted, galS expression was further elevated.
>When both genes has been disrupted, galS expression is further elevated.
>When both genes which were disrupted, galS expression was further elevated.
>When both genes which are disrupted, galS expression is further elevated.
-
>In gel shift assay, anti-ref1 antibody eliminated formation of the nCaRE-protein complex.
>In gel shift assay, anti-ref1 antibody eliminates formation of the nCaRE-protein complex.
>formation of the nCaRE-protein complex is eliminated by anti-ref1 antibody.
>formation of the nCaRE-protein complex was eliminated by anti-ref1 antibody.
>In gel shift assay, anti-ref1 antibody has eliminated formation of the nCaRE-protein complex.
>In gel shift assay, anti-ref1 antibody will eliminated formation of the nCaRE-protein complex.
-
>The requirement of induction can be eliminated by mutation of a new locus, galS, resulting in constitutive and ultrainduced levels of gal expression.
>The requirement of induction is eliminated by mutation of a new locus, galS, resulting in constitutive and ultrainduced levels of gal expression.
>The requirement of induction was eliminated by mutation of a new locus, galS, resulting in constitutive and ultrainduced levels of gal expression.
>mutation of a new locus, galS eliminated The requirement of induction resulting in constitutive and ultrainduced levels of gal expression.
>mutation of a new locus, galS eliminates The requirement of induction resulting in constitutive and ultrainduced levels of gal expression.
-
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 eliminated repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 eliminates repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 has eliminated repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 will eliminate repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 which eliminated repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
>A 6-bp insertion located within O2 or between OT and O1 which eliminates repression of the glpTQ promoter, whereas significant repression was maintained in the case of a 10-bp insertion within O2.
-
>Binding of GntR to the operators is eliminated by gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration.
>Binding of GntR to the operators was eliminated by gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration.
>Binding of GntR to the operators which eliminated by gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration.
>Binding of GntR to the operators has eliminated by gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration.
>gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration eliminated Binding of GntR to the operators.
>gluconate and also by 6-phosphogluconate at a 10-fold-higher concentration eliminate Binding of GntR to the operators.
-
>We recently encloned murine and human cDNAs that encode CP2, a cellular transcription factor that interacts with the alpha-globin promoter as well as with additional cellular and viral promoter elements.
>We recently encloned murine and human cDNAs encoding CP2, a cellular transcription factor that interacts with the alpha-globin promoter as well as with additional cellular and viral promoter elements.
>We recently encloned murine and human cDNAs that encoded CP2, a cellular transcription factor that interacts with the alpha-globin promoter as well as with additional cellular and viral promoter elements.
>We recently encloned murine and human cDNAs that has encoded CP2, a cellular transcription factor that interacts with the alpha-globin promoter as well as with additional cellular and viral promoter elements.
>We recently encloned murine and human cDNAs which encode CP2, a cellular transcription factor that interacts with the alpha-globin promoter as well as with additional cellular and viral promoter elements.
-
>MAZ may encode a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination.
>MAZ encoded a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination.
>MAZ has encoded a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination.
>MAZ will encode a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination.
>MAZ encodes a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination.
>a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination is encoded by MAZ.
>a transcription factor with dual roles in transcription initiation and termination was encoded by MAZ.
-
>Expression of the ompF and ompC genes, which encode the major outer membrane proteins, OmpF and OmpC, respectively, is affected in a reciprocal manner by the osmolarity of the growth medium.
>Expression of the ompF and ompC genes, encoding the major outer membrane proteins, OmpF and OmpC, respectively, is affected in a reciprocal manner by the osmolarity of the growth medium.
>Expression of the ompF and ompC genes, which encoded the major outer membrane proteins, OmpF and OmpC, respectively, was affected in a reciprocal manner by the osmolarity of the growth medium.
>the major outer membrane proteins, OmpF and OmpC are encoded by Expression of the ompF and ompC genes.
>the major outer membrane proteins, OmpF and OmpC were encoded by Expression of the ompF and ompC genes.
-
>The glp regulon of Escherichia coli encodes the proteins required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
>The glp regulon of Escherichia coli encoded the proteins required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
>The glp regulon of Escherichia coli will encode the proteins required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
>The glp regulon of Escherichia coli has encoded the proteins required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
>the proteins are encoded by The glp regulon of Escherichia coli required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
>the proteins were encoded by The glp regulon of Escherichia coli required for utilization of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and its precursors.
-
>The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gene encodes a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels.
>The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gene encoded a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels.
>The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gene will encode a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels.
>The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gen has encoded a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels.
>a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels is encoded by  The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gene.
>a protein of the KdgM family of outer membrane-specific channels was encoded by  The Escherichia coli yjhA (renamed nanC) gene.
-
>The gene yjfQ encodes the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
>The gene yjfQ encoded the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
>The gene yjfQ will encode the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
>The gene yjfQ has encoded the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
>The gene yjfQ which encodes the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
>The gene yjfQ which encoded the repressor of the yjfR-X regulon (ula), which is involved in L-ascorbate metabolism in Escherichia coli.
-
>BD73 messenger RNA is expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
>BD73 messenger RNA was expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
>BD73 messenger RNA has been expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
>BD73 messenger RNA will be expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
>BD73 messenger RNA which is expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
>BD73 messenger RNA which was expressed in a wide variety of tissues and cell lines.
-
>The pfl operon is expressed at high levels anaerobically.
>The pfl operon was expressed at high levels anaerobically.
>The pfl operon has been expressed at high levels anaerobically.
>The pfl operon will be expressed at high levels anaerobically.
>The pfl operon which is expressed at high levels anaerobically.
>The pfl operon which was expressed at high levels anaerobically.
-
>Northern blot analysis reveals that BNIP3alpha is expressed ubiquitously in most human tissues.
>Northern blot analysis reveals that BNIP3alpha was expressed ubiquitously in most human tissues.
>Northern blot analysis reveals that BNIP3alpha has been expressed ubiquitously in most human tissues.
>Northern blot analysis reveals that BNIP3alpha will be expressed ubiquitously in most human tissues.
-
>We believe this binding is required to generate a higher order protein-DNA complex within the recombinational synapse.
>We believe this binding is found to generate a higher order protein-DNA complex within the recombinational synapse.
>We believe this binding is shown to generate a higher order protein-DNA complex within the recombinational synapse.
>this binding generates a higher order protein-DNA complex within the recombinational synapse.
>this binding generated a higher order protein-DNA complex within the recombinational synapse.
>a higher order protein-DNA complex is generated by this binding within the recombinational synapse.
>a higher order protein-DNA complex was generated by this binding within the recombinational synapse.
-
>We show that EKLF requires a SWI/SNF-related chromatin remodeling complex, EKLF coactivator-remodeling complex 1 (E-RC1), to generate a DNase I hypersensitive, transcriptionally active beta-globin promoter on chromatin templates in vitro.
>a SWI/SNF-related chromatin remodeling complex, EKLF coactivator-remodeling complex 1 (E-RC1) generated a DNase I hypersensitive.
>a SWI/SNF-related chromatin remodeling complex, EKLF coactivator-remodeling complex 1 (E-RC1) generates a DNase I hypersensitive.
>a DNase I hypersensitive is generated by a SWI/SNF-related chromatin remodeling complex, EKLF coactivator-remodeling complex 1 (E-RC1)
>a DNase I hypersensitive was generated by a SWI/SNF-related chromatin remodeling complex, EKLF coactivator-remodeling complex 1 (E-RC1)
-
>These are fumarate reductase (encoded by the frdABCD operon), fumarase B, which generates fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate.
>These are fumarate reductase (encoded by the frdABCD operon), fumarase B, which generated fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate.
>These are fumarate reductase (encoded by the frdABCD operon), fumarase B, which has generated fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate.
>These are fumarate reductase (encoded by the frdABCD operon), fumarase B, which will generate fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate.
>fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate are generated by fumarase B.
>fumarate from malate, and the DcuB permease for fumarate, malate, and aspartate were generated by fumarase B.
-
>We report results from preliminary transcription microarray experiments that revealed two previously unknown members of the NarL regulon: the aspA gene encoding aspartate-ammonia lyase, which generates fumarate; and the dcuSR operon encoding the dicarboxylate-responsive regulatory system.
>We report results from preliminary transcription microarray experiments that revealed two previously unknown members of the NarL regulon: the aspA gene encoding aspartate-ammonia lyase, which generated fumarate; and the dcuSR operon encoding the dicarboxylate-responsive regulatory system.
>We report results from preliminary transcription microarray experiments that revealed two previously unknown members of the NarL regulon: the aspA gene encoding aspartate-ammonia lyase, generating fumarate; and the dcuSR operon encoding the dicarboxylate-responsive regulatory system.
>We report results from preliminary transcription microarray experiments that revealed two previously unknown members of the NarL regulon: the aspA gene encoding aspartate-ammonia lyase, which has generated fumarate; and the dcuSR operon encoding the dicarboxylate-responsive regulatory system.
>We report results from preliminary transcription microarray experiments that revealed two previously unknown members of the NarL regulon: the aspA gene encoding aspartate-ammonia lyase, will generate fumarate; and the dcuSR operon encoding the dicarboxylate-responsive regulatory system.
-
>NO reacts anaerobically with the Fe-S cluster of purified FNR, generating spectral changes consistent with formation of a dinitrosyl-iron-cysteine complex.
>NO reacts anaerobically with the Fe-S cluster of purified FNR generated spectral changes consistent with formation of a dinitrosyl-iron-cysteine complex.
>NO reacts anaerobically with the Fe-S cluster of purified FNR generate spectral changes consistent with formation of a dinitrosyl-iron-cysteine complex.
>spectral changes consistent with formation of a dinitrosyl-iron-cysteine complex are generated by NO reacts anaerobically with the Fe-S cluster of purified FNR.
>spectral changes consistent with formation of a dinitrosyl-iron-cysteine complex were generated by NO reacts anaerobically with the Fe-S cluster of purified FNR.
-
>GadX activates expression of gadA and gadBC at any pH, while GadW inhibits GadX-dependent activation.
>GadX activates expression of gadA and gadBC at any pH, while GadW will inhibit GadX-dependent activation.
>GadX activates expression of gadA and gadBC at any pH, while GadW has inhibited GadX-dependent activation.
>GadX activates expression of gadA and gadBC at any pH, while GadW that inhibits GadX-dependent activation.
>GadX activates expression of gadA and gadBC at any pH, while GadW that will inhibit GadX-dependent activation.
-
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibits binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation inhibited binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation will inhibit binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
>Moreover, Dam methylation has inhibited binding of Lrp/PapI near the GATC1028 site and alters binding of Lrp at the GATC1130 site.
-
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex inhibits the glnAp2 promoter activity.
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex inhibited the glnAp2 promoter activity.
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex will inhibit the glnAp2 promoter activity.
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex has inhibited the glnAp2 promoter activity.
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex which inhibits the glnAp2 promoter activity.
>Here, we show that glnAp2 expression is affected by different carbon sources and that the CRP-cAMP complex which inhibited the glnAp2 promoter activity.
-
>CRP-cAMP inhibits sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold.
>CRP-cAMP inhibited sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold.
>CRP-cAMP will inhibit sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold.
>CRP-cAMP has inhibited sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold.
>sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold is inhibited by CRP-cAMP.
>sigma (54)-dependent glnAp2 strongly, by 21-fold was inhibited by CRP-cAMP.
-
>Functional activation of an HIV reporter plasmid by p49/p65 in transiently transfected Jurkat T-leukemia cells was also inhibited by coexpression of MAD-3.
>Functional activation of an HIV reporter plasmid by p49/p65 in transiently transfected Jurkat T-leukemia cells is also inhibited by coexpression of MAD-3.
>Functional activation of an HIV reporter plasmid by p49/p65 in transiently transfected Jurkat T-leukemia cells has also been inhibited by coexpression of MAD-3.
>Functional activation of an HIV reporter plasmid by p49/p65 in transiently transfected Jurkat T-leukemia cells wil be also inhibited by coexpression of MAD-3.
-
>Polymerases that initiate transcription with RSF can only extend their transcripts in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
>Polymerases that initiated transcription with RSF can only extend their transcripts in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
>Polymerases that will initiate transcription with RSF can only extend their transcripts in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
>Polymerases that has initiated transcription with RSF can only extend their transcripts in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
>transcription was initiated by Polymerases in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
>transcription is initiated by Polymerases in the presence of FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription).
-
>The repression is initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
>The repression was initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
>The repression has been initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
>The repression will be initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
>The repression which is initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
>The repression which was initiated by autophosphorylation of the sensor protein ArcB, followed by phosphoryl group transfer to the regulator ArcA.
-
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons is initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons was initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons has been initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons will be initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons which is initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
>Transcription of the divergently transcribed glpTQ and glpACB operons which was initiated at sites separated by 132 base pairs (bp) of DNA.
-
>Transcription was initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
>Transcription is initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
>Transcription which was initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
>Transcription which is initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
>Transcription will be initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
>Transcription has been initiated from a sigma (70)-dependent promoter at the G residue of the upstream GATC sequence.
-
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli is initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli was initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli has been initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli will be initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli which is initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
>Transcription of ptsG encoding glucose-specific permease, enzyme IICB (Glc), in Escherichia coli which was initiated from two promoters, P1 and P2.
-
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite led to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite leads to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite has led to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite will lead to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite which led to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
>Growth of Escherichia coli in the presence of nitrate or nitrite which leads to a 45% decrease in expression when cells were cultivated in rich medium.
-
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, led to loss of OmpF.
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, leads to loss of OmpF.
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, has led to loss of OmpF.
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, will lead to loss of OmpF.
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, which led to loss of OmpF.
>Transduction of the marA region from a Mar strain, but not a wild-type strain, which leads to loss of OmpF.
-
>The loss of TreR function led to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
>The loss of TreR function leads to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
>The loss of TreR function has led to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
>The loss of TreR function will lead to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
>The loss of TreR function which led to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
>The loss of TreR function which leads to derepression of treB encoding an enzymeIITre of the PTS for trehalose and of treC encoding TreC, the cytoplasmic trehalose-6-phosphate hydrolase.
-
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction led to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction leads to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction has led to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction will lead to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction which led to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
>Further, experiments with an antisense-ref cDNA expression vector introduced into cultured cells suggested that DNA (nCaRE)-ref1 interaction which leads to C2+e-mediated transcriptional suppression.
-
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription has led us to the identification of two new genes.
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription led us to the identification of two new genes.
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription leads us to the identification of two new genes.
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription which has led us to the identification of two new genes.
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription which led us to the identification of two new genes.
>Closer examination of the putative signal transduction pathway modulating htrA transcription will lead us to the identification of two new genes.
-
>It has been shown that Crl stimulates the activity of sigma (S), leading to an increased transcription rate of a subset of genes of the rpoS regulon in stationary phase.
>Crl stimulates the activity of sigma (S) lead to an increased transcription rate of a subset of genes of the rpoS regulon in stationary phase.
>Crl stimulates the activity of sigma (S) led to an increased transcription rate of a subset of genes of the rpoS regulon in stationary phase.
>an increased transcription rate of a subset of genes of the rpoS regulon in stationary phase was led to by Crl stimulates the activity of sigma (S).
>an increased transcription rate of a subset of genes of the rpoS regulon in stationary phase is led to by Crl stimulates the activity of sigma (S).
-
>These results lead us to conclude that EnvZ and OmpR act in sequential fashion to activate porin gene expression; i.e., EnvZ modifies or in some way directs OmpR, which in turn acts at the appropriate porin gene promoter.
>These results lead us to conclude that EnvZ and OmpR act in sequential fashion to activate porin gene expression; i.e., EnvZ modified or in some way directs OmpR, which in turn acts at the appropriate porin gene promoter.
>These results lead us to conclude that EnvZ and OmpR act in sequential fashion to activate porin gene expression; i.e., EnvZ has modified or in some way directs OmpR, which in turn acts at the appropriate porin gene promoter.
>These results lead us to conclude that EnvZ and OmpR act in sequential fashion to activate porin gene expression; i.e., EnvZ which modifies or in some way directs OmpR, which in turn acts at the appropriate porin gene promoter.
-
>Analysis of one cDNA revealed an unusual splicing event involving EZH1 and a tandemly linked gene GPR2 and suggests a potential mechanism for modifying the EZH1 protein in the conserved C-terminal domain.
>Analysis of one cDNA revealed an unusual splicing event involving EZH1 and a tandemly linked gene GPR2 and suggests a potential mechanism to modify the EZH1 protein in the conserved C-terminal domain.
>Analysis of one cDNA revealed an unusual splicing event involving EZH1 and a tandemly linked gene GPR2 and suggests a potential mechanism that modify the EZH1 protein in the conserved C-terminal domain.
>Analysis of one cDNA revealed an unusual splicing event involving EZH1 and a tandemly linked gene GPR2 and suggests a potential mechanism which modified the EZH1 protein in the conserved C-terminal domain.
-
>An immunopurification approach has been used to demonstrate that human RNA Pol III is composed of 16 subunits, some of which are apparently modified in HeLa cells.
>An immunopurification approach has been used to demonstrate that human RNA Pol III is composed of 16 subunits, some of which were apparently modified in HeLa cells.
>An immunopurification approach has been used to demonstrate that human RNA Pol III is composed of 16 subunits, some of which has been apparently modified in HeLa cells.
>An immunopurification approach has been used to demonstrate that human RNA Pol III is composed of 16 subunits, some of which will be apparently modified in HeLa cells.
-
>We have identified five hydrophobic amino acid residues on the ALK4 extracellular domain (Leu40, Ile70, Val73, Leu75, and Pro77) that, when mutated to alanine, have substantial effects on ALK4-trunc dominant negative activity.
>We have identified five hydrophobic amino acid residues on the ALK4 extracellular domain (Leu40, Ile70, Val73, Leu75, and Pro77) that, when were mutated to alanine, have substantial effects on ALK4-trunc dominant negative activity.
>We have identified five hydrophobic amino acid residues on the ALK4 extracellular domain (Leu40, Ile70, Val73, Leu75, and Pro77) that, when are mutated to alanine, have substantial effects on ALK4-trunc dominant negative activity.
>We have identified five hydrophobic amino acid residues on the ALK4 extracellular domain (Leu40, Ile70, Val73, Leu75, and Pro77) that, when has been mutated to alanine, have substantial effects on ALK4-trunc dominant negative activity.
>We have identified five hydrophobic amino acid residues on the ALK4 extracellular domain (Leu40, Ile70, Val73, Leu75, and Pro77) that, when will be mutated to alanine, have substantial effects on ALK4-trunc dominant negative activity.
-
>In COS-7 cells cotransfected with PKA-Calpha and SOX9 expression plasmids, PKA enhanced the phosphorylation of wild-type SOX9 but did not affect phosphorylation of a SOX9 protein in which the two PKA phosphorylation sites (S (64) and S (211)) were mutated.
>In COS-7 cells cotransfected with PKA-Calpha and SOX9 expression plasmids, PKA enhanced the phosphorylation of wild-type SOX9 but did not affect phosphorylation of a SOX9 protein in which the two PKA phosphorylation sites (S (64) and S (211)) are mutated.
>In COS-7 cells cotransfected with PKA-Calpha and SOX9 expression plasmids, PKA enhanced the phosphorylation of wild-type SOX9 but did not affect phosphorylation of a SOX9 protein in which the two PKA phosphorylation sites (S (64) and S (211)) has been mutated.
>In COS-7 cells cotransfected with PKA-Calpha and SOX9 expression plasmids, PKA enhanced the phosphorylation of wild-type SOX9 but did not affect phosphorylation of a SOX9 protein in which the two PKA phosphorylation sites (S (64) and S (211)) will be mutated.
-
>Analyses of transcription in vivo of agn'-lacZ with mutated Dam target sequences support this conclusion.
>Analyses of transcription in vivo of agn'-lacZ that are mutated Dam target sequences support this conclusion.
>Analyses of transcription in vivo of agn'-lacZ that were mutated Dam target sequences support this conclusion.
>Analyses of transcription in vivo of agn'-lacZ that will be mutated Dam target sequences support this conclusion.
>Analyses of transcription in vivo of agn'-lacZ that has been mutated Dam target sequences support this conclusion.
-
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene will result in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene will result in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene that is mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene will result in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene that was mutated cells.
-
>Cotransfections with plasmids expressing WT-1, WTAR (a mutated form of WT-1), p53, and a mutated form of p53 revealed a complex pattern of regulation with a 3-fold induction with WT-1, a 7-fold induction with mutated p53, and a 4-fold repression with wild-type p53.
>Cotransfections with plasmids expressing WT-1, WTAR (a mutated form of WT-1), p53, and a mutated form of p53 revealed a complex pattern of regulation with a 3-fold induction with WT-1, a 7-fold induction that is mutated p53, and a 4-fold repression with wild-type p53.
>Cotransfections with plasmids expressing WT-1, WTAR (a mutated form of WT-1), p53, and a mutated form of p53 revealed a complex pattern of regulation with a 3-fold induction with WT-1, a 7-fold induction that was mutated p53, and a 4-fold repression with wild-type p53.
>Cotransfections with plasmids expressing WT-1, WTAR (a mutated form of WT-1), p53, and a mutated form of p53 revealed a complex pattern of regulation with a 3-fold induction with WT-1, a 7-fold induction that were mutated p53, and a 4-fold repression with wild-type p53.
-
>Footprinting assays have suggested that these regulators protect a stretch of up to 20 bp in the target promoters, and multiple alignments of binding sites for a number of regulators have shown that the proteins recognize short motifs within the protected region.
>Footprinting assays have suggested that these regulators protect a stretch of up to 20 bp in the target promoters, and multiple alignments of binding sites for a number of regulators have shown that the proteins recognized short motifs within the protected region.
>Footprinting assays have suggested that these regulators protect a stretch of up to 20 bp in the target promoters, and multiple alignments of binding sites for a number of regulators have shown that the proteins will recognize short motifs within the protected region.
>Footprinting assays have suggested that these regulators protect a stretch of up to 20 bp in the target promoters, and multiple alignments of binding sites for a number of regulators have shown that the proteins has recognized short motifs within the protected region.
-
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family recognize multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family recognized multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family will recognize multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family has recognized multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family which recognize multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
>Most regulators belonging to the AraC/XylS family which recognized multiple binding sites in the regulated promoters.
-
>The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF), recognizes the ribosomal RNA gene promoter and activates transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I through cooperative interactions with the species-specific factor, SL1.
>The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF), recognized the ribosomal RNA gene promoter and activates transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I through cooperative interactions with the species-specific factor, SL1.
>The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF), will recognize the ribosomal RNA gene promoter and activates transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I through cooperative interactions with the species-specific factor, SL1.
>The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF), has recognized the ribosomal RNA gene promoter and activates transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I through cooperative interactions with the species-specific factor, SL1.
>the ribosomal RNA gene promoter is recognized by The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF).
>the ribosomal RNA gene promoter was recognized by The eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF).
-
>We show that the cAMP-CRP activator complex recognizes two sites in tsx-p2 that are separated by 33 bp : a high-affinity site (CRP-1) overlaps the-35 region, and a low-affinity site (CRP-2) is centered around position-74 bp.
>We show that the cAMP-CRP activator complex recognized two sites in tsx-p2 that are separated by 33 bp : a high-affinity site (CRP-1) overlaps the-35 region, and a low-affinity site (CRP-2) is centered around position-74 bp.
>We show that the cAMP-CRP activator complex will recognize two sites in tsx-p2 that are separated by 33 bp : a high-affinity site (CRP-1) overlaps the-35 region, and a low-affinity site (CRP-2) is centered around position-74 bp.
>We show that the cAMP-CRP activator complex has recognized two sites in tsx-p2 that are separated by 33 bp : a high-affinity site (CRP-1) overlaps the-35 region, and a low-affinity site (CRP-2) is centered around position-74 bp.
>two sites in tsx-p2 are recognized by the cAMP-CRP activator complex.
>two sites in tsx-p2 were recognized by the cAMP-CRP activator complex.
-
>The NarL protein also binds to these 7-2-7 sites but, unlike NarP, also recognizes heptamers in other arrangements.
>The NarL protein also binds to these 7-2-7 sites but, unlike NarP, also recognized heptamers in other arrangements.
>The NarL protein also binds to these 7-2-7 sites but, unlike NarP, also will recognize heptamers in other arrangements.
>The NarL protein also binds to these 7-2-7 sites but, unlike NarP, also has recognized heptamers in other arrangements..
-
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or alter the phasing of the binding sites result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or alter the phasing of the binding sites resulted in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or alter the phasing of the binding sites will result in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
>Mutations which prevent repressor binding to either site or alter the phasing of the binding sites has  resulted in simultaneous derepression of both genes.
-
>We speculated that this may be the result of the expression of isoforms of Nrf1 in mast cells.
>the expression of isoforms of Nrf1 in mast cells results to this.
>the expression of isoforms of Nrf1 in mast cells resulted to this.
-
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene will result in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene results in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene resulted in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene which results in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
>Induction of a mutation in the lacI gene has resulted in the loss of transcriptional repression of the lacZ gene in mutated cells.
-
>These observations show that repression is the result of co-operative binding of the repressor to its two sites, resulting in the formation of a loop of DNA.
>co-operative binding of the repressor to its two sites results to repression in the formation of a loop of DNA.
>co-operative binding of the repressor to its two sites resulted to repression in the formation of a loop of DNA.
>it is resulted by co-operative binding of the repressor to its two sites to repression in the formation of a loop of DNA.
>it was resulted by co-operative binding of the repressor to its two sites to repression in the formation of a loop of DNA.
-
>We show that the negative effect of the cpxA mutation on biofilm formation results from a decreased transcription of the curlin encoding csgA gene.
>We show that the negative effect of the cpxA mutation on biofilm formation resulted from a decreased transcription of the curlin encoding csgA gene.
>it was resulted by the negative effect of the cpxA mutation from a decreased transcription of the curlin encoding csgA gene.
>it is resulted by the negative effect of the cpxA mutation from a decreased transcription of the curlin encoding csgA gene.
-
>The ula regulon, responsible for the utilization of L-ascorbate in Escherichia coli, is formed by two divergently transcribed operons, ulaG and ulaABCDEF.
>The ula regulon, responsible for the utilization of L-ascorbate in Escherichia coli, is formed by two divergently transcribes operons, ulaG and ulaABCDEF.
>operons, ulaG and ulaABCDEF are transcribed by The ula regulon.
>operons, ulaG and ulaABCDEF were transcribed by The ula regulon.
-
>Interaction at a distance between multiple operators controls the adjacent, divergently transcribed glpTQ-glpACB operons of Escherichia coli K-12.
>Interaction at a distance between multiple operators controls the adjacent, divergently transcribes glpTQ-glpACB operons of Escherichia coli K-12.
>glpTQ-glpACB operons of Escherichia coli K-12 are transcribed.
>glpTQ-glpACB operons of Escherichia coli K-12 were transcribed.
-
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes are transcribed in opposite directions.
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes were transcribed in opposite directions.
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes has been transcribed in opposite directions.
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes will be transcribed in opposite directions.
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes which are transcribed in opposite directions.
>The fhlA gene resides next to the hydB gene at 59 min in the E. coli chromosome, and the two genes which were transcribed in opposite directions.
-
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR are divergently transcribed.
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR were divergently transcribed.
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR has been divergently transcribed.
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR will be divergently transcribed.
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR which are divergently transcribed.
>Restriction endonuclease cleavage analysis of these two plasmids demonstrated that glpD and glpR which were divergently transcribed.
-
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, is transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, was transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, has been transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, will be transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, which is transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
>This operon, activated by growth on glycolate, which was transcribed as a single message and is under the positive control of GlcC encoded by a divergent gene.
-
>The ArC/XylS family of prokaryotic positive transcriptional regulators includes more than 100 proteins and polypeptides derived from open reading frames translated from DNA sequences.
>The ArC/XylS family was translated from DNA sequences.
>The ArC/XylS family is translated from DNA sequences.
>The ArC/XylS family of prokaryotic positive transcriptional regulators includes more than 100 proteins and polypeptides derived from open reading frames will be translated from DNA sequences.
-
>ISGF3 gamma translated in vitro from recombinant clones bound DNA with a specificity indistinguishable from that of ISGF3 gamma purified from HeLa cells.
>ISGF3 gamma translates in vitro from recombinant clones bound DNA with a specificity indistinguishable from that of ISGF3 gamma purified from HeLa cells.
>ISGF3 gamma has translated in vitro from recombinant clones bound DNA with a specificity indistinguishable from that of ISGF3 gamma purified from HeLa cells.
>ISGF3 gamma will translate in vitro from recombinant clones bound DNA with a specificity indistinguishable from that of ISGF3 gamma purified from HeLa cells.
-
>Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that the full-length BCL6 protein extracted from transfected COS cells and a bacterially expressed truncated protein containing the BCL6 zinc fingers can bind specifically to DNA from the U3 promoter/enhancer region of HIV-1.
>Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that the full-length BCL6 protein extracted from transfected COS cells and a bacterially expressed truncates protein containing the BCL6 zinc fingers can bind specifically to DNA from the U3 promoter/enhancer region of HIV-1.
>Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that the full-length BCL6 protein extracted from transfected COS cells and a bacterially expressed has truncated protein containing the BCL6 zinc fingers can bind specifically to DNA from the U3 promoter/enhancer region of HIV-1.
>Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that the full-length BCL6 protein extracted from transfected COS cells and a bacterially expressed will truncate protein containing the BCL6 zinc fingers can bind specifically to DNA from the U3 promoter/enhancer region of HIV-1.
-
>Using the complex structure of bone morphogenetic protein-2 bound to its type I receptor (ALK3) as a guide, we introduced extracellular domain mutations in the context of the truncated ALK4 (ALK4-trunc) construct and assessed the ability of the mutants to inhibit activin function.
-
>To address the mechanisms of activation by CRP and the RNA polymerase alpha-subunit C-terminal domain (alpha-CTD) at rhaSR, we tested the effects of alanine substitutions in CRP activating regions 1 and 2, overexpression of a truncated version of alpha (alpha-Delt235), and alanine substitutions throughout alpha-CTD.