-
>This intronic mutation, which segregates in a dominant and fully penetrant manner over three generations, abolishes normal LHX4 splicing and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
>This intronic mutation, which segregates in a dominant and fully penetrant manner over three generations, abolished normal LHX4 splicing and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
>Normal LHX4 splicing is abolishes by this intronic mutation, which segregates in a dominant and fully penetrant manner over three generations and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
>Normal LHX4 splicing was abolished by this intronic mutation, which segregates in a dominant and fully penetrant manner over three generations and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
>This intronic mutation which abolishes normal LHX4 splicing and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
>This intronic mutation that abolished normal LHX4 splicing and activates two exonic cryptic splice sites, thereby predicting two different proteins deleted in their homeodomain sequence.
-
>Patient 1 has a G-to-A transition at the first nucleotide of intron 2, which abolishes normal splicing.
>A G-to-A transition at the first nucleotide of intron 2 of patient 1 abolishes normal splicing.
>A G-to-A transition at the first nucleotide of intron 2 of patient 1 abolished normal splicing.
>Normal splicing is abolished by a G-to-A transition at the first nucleotide of intron 2 of patient 1.
>Normal splicing was abolished by a G-to-A transition at the first nucleotide of intron 2 of patient 1.
-
>Determining the complete exon-intron structure of JAG1 allowed detailed mutational analysis of DNA samples from non-deletion AGS patients, revealing three frame-shift mutations, two splice donor mutations and one mutation abolishing RNA expression from the altered allele.
>One mutation abolishes RNA expression from the altered allele.
>One mutation abolished RNA expression from the altered allele.
>RNA expression is abolished by one mutation from the altered allele.
>RNA expression was abolished by one mutation from the altered allele.
>One mutation which abolishes RNA expression from the altered allele.
>One mutation which abolished RNA expression from the altered allele.	
-
>Linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy abolishes formation of liver metastases in mice.
>Linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy which abolishes formation of liver metastases in mice.
>Linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy abolished formation of liver metastases in mice.
>Linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy which abolished formation of liver metastases in mice.
>Formation of liver metastases in mice is abolished by linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy.
>Formation of liver metastases in mice was abolished by linomide and antibody-targeted superantigen therapy.
-
>However, this complete removal of FabD from the crude FAS did not abolish its BCFA biosynthesis, but only reduced the level to 50-60% of the control level for acyl-CoA primer and to 80% for alpha-keto-beta-methylvalerate primer.
>However, this complete removal of FabD from the crude FAS does not abolish its BCFA biosynthesis, but only reduced the level to 50-60% of the control level for acyl-CoA primer and to 80% for alpha-keto-beta-methylvalerate primer.
>However, this complete removal of FabD from the crude FAS which does not abolish its BCFA biosynthesis, but only reduced the level to 50-60% of the control level for acyl-CoA primer and to 80% for alpha-keto-beta-methylvalerate primer.
>However, its BCFA biosynthesis is not abolished by this complete removal of FabD from the crude FAS, but only reduced the level to 50-60% of the control level for acyl-CoA primer and to 80% for alpha-keto-beta-methylvalerate primer.
>However, its BCFA biosynthesis was not abolished by this complete removal of FabD from the crude FAS, but only reduced the level to 50-60% of the control level for acyl-CoA primer and to 80% for alpha-keto-beta-methylvalerate primer.
-
>Our results showed that co-administered DM was able to abolish completely the CPP effect induced by morphine, but had no effect on morphine-induced behavioral sensitization.
>Our results showed that co-administered DM is able to abolish completely the CPP effect induced by morphine, but had no effect on morphine-induced behavioral sensitization.
>Co-administered DM which is able to abolish completely the CPP effect induced by morphine, but had no effect on morphine-induced behavioral sensitization.
>Co-administered DM which was able to abolish completely the CPP effect induced by morphine, but had no effect on morphine-induced behavioral sensitization.
>The CPP effect was be able to be abolised by co-administered DM induced by morphine, but had no effect on morphine-induced behavioral sensitization.
-
>Noticeably, transcription at the rrn PC promoter by NEP-2 is completely abolished if CDF2-B can not bind to the template, as obtained by the mutation M1 (Figure 4A, compare lanes 1 and 4; Figure 4C, compare Wt and M1).
>Noticeably, transcription at the rrn PC promoter by NEP-2 was completely abolished if CDF2-B can not bind to the template, as obtained by the mutation M1 (Figure 4A, compare lanes 1 and 4; Figure 4C, compare Wt and M1).
>Noticeably, transcription at the rrn PC promoter by NEP-2 which was completely abolished if CDF2-B can not bind to the template, as obtained by the mutation M1 (Figure 4A, compare lanes 1 and 4; Figure 4C, compare Wt and M1).
>Noticeably, transcription at the rrn PC promoter by NEP-2 which is completely abolished if CDF2-B can not bind to the template, as obtained by the mutation M1 (Figure 4A, compare lanes 1 and 4; Figure 4C, compare Wt and M1).
-
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates the mutations introduced to abolish the A/T-rich element.
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates the mutations abolishing the A/T-rich element.
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates that the mutations abolish the A/T-rich element.
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates that the mutations abolished the A/T-rich element.	
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates that the A/T-rich element is abolished by the mutations.
>The A/T-rich mut sequence indicates that the A/T-rich element was abolished by the mutations.
-
>Mutation of the proximal GATA element in the context of the &#8211;700 or the &#8211;135 bp promoter completely abolished synergy, indicating that this element is essential for MEF2 &#8211;GATA-4 cooperation.
>Mutation of the proximal GATA element in the context of the &#8211;700 or the &#8211;135 bp promoter completely abolishes synergy, indicating that this element is essential for MEF2 &#8211;GATA-4 cooperation.
>Mutation of the proximal GATA element in the context of the &#8211;700 or the &#8211;135 bp which completely abolishes synergy, indicating that this element is essential for MEF2 &#8211;GATA-4 cooperation.
>Synergy is completely abolished by mutation of the proximal GATA element in the context of the &#8211;700 or the &#8211;135 bp, indicating that this element is essential for MEF2 &#8211;GATA-4 cooperation.
>Synergy was completely abolished by mutation of the proximal GATA element in the context of the &#8211;700 or the &#8211;135 bp, indicating that this element is essential for MEF2 &#8211;GATA-4 cooperation.
-
>In contrast, transcriptional stimulation was abolished by further deletion of the C-terminal transactivation domain in the Pax5 mutants B8 and B9, whereas internal deletion of the conserved octapeptide motif (OP) or the partial homeodomain (HD) of Pax5 did not have any effect (Figure 3B).
>In contrast, transcriptional stimulation is abolished by further deletion of the C-terminal transactivation domain in the Pax5 mutants B8 and B9, whereas internal deletion of the conserved octapeptide motif (OP) or the partial homeodomain (HD) of Pax5 did not have any effect (Figure 3B).
>In contrast, further deletion of the C-terminal transactivation domain in the Pax5 mutants B8 and B9 abolished transcriptional stimulation, whereas internal deletion of the conserved octapeptide motif (OP) or the partial homeodomain (HD) of Pax5 did not have any effect (Figure 3B).
>In contrast, further deletion of the C-terminal transactivation domain in the Pax5 mutants B8 and B9 abolishes transcriptional stimulation, whereas internal deletion of the conserved octapeptide motif (OP) or the partial homeodomain (HD) of Pax5 did not have any effect (Figure 3B).
>In contrast, further deletion of the C-terminal transactivation domain in the Pax5 mutants B8 and B9 which abolishes transcriptional stimulation, whereas internal deletion of the conserved octapeptide motif (OP) or the partial homeodomain (HD) of Pax5 did not have any effect (Figure 3B).
-
>Groucho binding was, however, abolished by mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Groucho binding was abolished by mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Groucho binding is abolished by mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid abolishes groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid abolished groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid, which abolishes groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid, which abolished groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
-
>Mutations that alter splice sites led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
>Mutations that altered splice sites led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
>Splice sites are altered by mutations led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
>Splice sites were altered by mutations led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
>Splice sites which is altered by mutations led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
>Splice sites which were altered by mutations led to the synthesis of several types of mRNAs, a fraction of which represented the normally spliced product.
-
>In protein-coding transcripts, 79% of splice variations altered the protein product. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
>In protein-coding transcripts, 79% of splice variations alter the protein product. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
>In protein-coding transcripts, 79% of splice variations which alter the protein product. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
>In protein-coding transcripts, 79% of splice variations which altered the protein product. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
>In protein-coding transcripts, the protein product is altered by 79% of splice variations. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
>In protein-coding transcripts, the protein product was altered by 79% of splice variations. Whole-transcriptome analyses resulted in the identification of 2,431 sense-antisense pairs.
-
>Four other mutations alter either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice sites in the IVD gene.
>Four other mutations altered either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice sites in the IVD gene.
>Four other mutations which altered either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice sites in the IVD gene.
>Four other mutations which alter either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice sites in the IVD gene.
>Either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice is altered by four other mutations sites in the IVD gene.
>Either the conserved gt or ag dinucleotide splice was altered by four other mutations sites in the IVD gene.
-
>This mutation is located within exon 2 and alters the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>This mutation is located within exon 2 and altered the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>This mutation is located within exon 2 and altered the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>This mutation is located within exon 2, which altered the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>This mutation is located within exon 2, which alter the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>This mutation is located within exon 2, which alter the codon (CTC) normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>The codon (CTC) is altered by this mutation is located within exon 2 normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
>The codon (CTC) was altered by this mutation is located within exon 2 normally associated with Leu-93 in the transcortin polypeptide to a codon (CAC) for histidine in the variant genes.
-
>Cytokines alter the expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
>Cytokines altered the expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
>The expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters is altered by Cytokines in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
>The expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters was altered by Cytokines in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
>Cytokines which altered the expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
>Cytokines which alter the expression and activity of the multidrug resistance transporters in human hepatoma cell lines; analysis using RT-PCR and cDNA microarrays.
-
>Since these two bends are in opposing directions, they do not alter the overall direction of the DNA(Figure 3C).
>Since these two bends are in opposing directions, they did not alter the overall direction of the DNA(Figure 3C).
>Since these two bends are in opposing directions, the overall direction of the DNA is not altered by them(Figure 3C).
>Since these two bends are in opposing directions, the overall direction of the DNA was not altered by them(Figure 3C).
-
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, probably due to the change in DNA conformation, which subtly alters the specific protein DNA interactions observed.
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, probably due to the change in DNA conformation, which subtly altered the specific protein DNA interactions observed.
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, the specific protein is altered by the change in DNA conformation; DNA interactions observed.
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, the specific protein was altered by the change in DNA conformation; DNA interactions observed.
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, probably the change in DNA conformation subtly alters the specific protein DNA interactions observed.
>Hence, Glu13 indirectly affects DNA-binding specificity, probably the change in DNA conformation subtly altered the specific protein DNA interactions observed.
-
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 is not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I alters phosphorylation of PDK1 and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I altered phosphorylation of PDK1 and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I, which alters phosphorylation of PDK1 and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I, which altered phosphorylation of PDK1 and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
-
>As the molecular lesion associated with s1031 is predicted to alter splicing, we looked at the sos-1 mRNA produced in this mutant.
>The molecular lesion associated with s1031 predict that it alters splicing, we looked at the sos-1 mRNA produced in this mutant.
>The molecular lesion associated with s1031 predict that it altered splicing, we looked at the sos-1 mRNA produced in this mutant.
>Splicing is predict to be altered by the molecular lesion associated with s1031, we looked at the sos-1 mRNA produced in this mutant.
-
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether this mutation alters vulval induction.
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether this mutation altered vulval induction.
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether this mutation which alters vulval induction.
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether this mutation which altered vulval induction.
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether vulval induction is altered by this mutation.
>Since s1031 is a null allele, we tested whether vulval induction was altered by this mutation.
-
>On the other hand, the only transcript beginning at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript begins at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript began at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript has begun at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript which begins at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript which began at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
>On the other hand, the only transcript which has begun at exon 1a was observed in normal cells.
-
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit begins variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit began variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit has begun variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit, which begins variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit, which began variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
>The electron density of each of the four copies of the SRF polypeptide in the asymmetric unit, which has begun variably between amino acids 136 and 140, and continues to the C-terminus.
-
>Both SRF subunits in the ternary complex bend the two DNA half sites to the same extent, resulting in bending of 31 into the major groove over the CC and CT base pair steps beginning and ending the CArG-box, and 15 into the minor groove over the five central TA, AA and AT base pair steps.
>Bending of 31 into the major groove over the CC and CT base pair steps begins and ending the CArG-box, and 15 into the minor groove over the five central TA, AA and AT base pair steps.
>Bending of 31 into the major groove over the CC and CT base pair steps began and ending the CArG-box, and 15 into the minor groove over the five central TA, AA and AT base pair steps.
>Bending of 31 into the major groove over the CC and CT base pair steps has begun and ending the CArG-box, and 15 into the minor groove over the five central TA, AA and AT base pair steps.
-
>The levels of immunoreactive IB begin to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
>The levels of immunoreactive IB began to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
>The levels of immunoreactive IB have begun to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
>The levels of immunoreactive IB which begin to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
>The levels of immunoreactive IB which began to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
>The levels of immunoreactive IB which have begun to return to basal levels following 3-4 h exposures to poly IC.
-
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants began to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants begins to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants has begun to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants which began to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants which begins to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
>When they were transferred to a glucose-containing medium in order to deplete these proteins, growth of gaal, gpi8 and gpi16 deletants which has begun to decline at 12, 6 and 6 h , respectively, after transfer and ceased at 24, 12 and 12 h.
-
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant began to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant begins to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant has begun to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant which began to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant which begins to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
>Growth of the gpi17 deletant which has begun to decline at 6 h after transfer to a glucose-containing medium, but growth continued slowly for 33 h.
-
>Mutations at the 3’ splice site that specifically block step II do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
>Mutations at the 3’ splice site that specifically blocked step II do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
>Mutations at the 3’ splice site specifically block step II do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
>Mutations at the 3’ splice site specifically blocked step II do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
>Step II is specifically blocked by mutations at the 3’ splice site do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
>Step II was specifically blocked by mutations at the 3’ splice site do not affect the association of hPrps 16 and 17 with the spliceosome, indicating that these factors may function at a stage of step II prior to recognition of the 3’ splice site.
-
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because it blocks RNA polymerase during elongation (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because it blocked RNA polymerase during elongation (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because RNA polymerase during elongation is blocked by it (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because RNA polymerase during elongation was blocked by it (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because it which blocks RNA polymerase during elongation (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
>Tagetin is more specific for distinguishing between different RNA polymerases because it which blocked RNA polymerase during elongation (Mathews and Durbin, 1994), i.e.its action is independent of different initiation factors.
-
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since staurosporine blocks agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since staurosporine blocked agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since staurosporine that blocks agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since staurosporine that blocked agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation is blocked by staurosporine without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
>A downstream kinase appears to be essential for agrin-mediated signaling, since agrin-induced AChR clustering and phosphorylation was blocked by staurosporine without inhibiting MuSK phosphorylation (Wallace, 1994; Fuhrer et al., 1997).
-
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide is specific since labeling is blocked by pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide.
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide is specific since labeling was blocked by pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide.
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide is specific since pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide blocks labeling.
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide is specific since pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide blocked labeling.
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide that is specific since pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide blocks labeling.
>Labeling with antibodies to the Y553 phosphopeptide that is specific since pre-incubation of the antibodies with the phosphopeptide blocked labeling.
-
>Membranes were blocked in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
>Membranes are blocked in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
>It blocks membranes in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
>It blocked membranes in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
>It which blocks membranes blocked in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
>It which blocked membranes blocked in TBST (Tris-buffered saline, 0.05% Tween-20) containing 5% bovine serum albumin (for anti-phosphoryrosine blots) or skimmed milk and probed with antibodies.
-
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 are able to block merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 were able to block merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 block merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 blocked merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 which block merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that antibodies to RAP1 which blocked merozoite invasion in vitro (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
>Both RAP1 and 2 are important vaccine candidates because it has been shown that merozoite invasion in vitro is blocked by antibodies to RAP1 (Schofield et al., 1986; Harnyuttanakorn et al., 1992; Howard et al., 1998a).
-
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine is most likely catalysed by human P450 3A (CYP3A).
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine was most likely catalysed by human P450 3A (CYP3A).
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that human P450 3A (CYP3A) most likely catalysed the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine 
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that human P450 3A (CYP3A) most likely catalyses the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine.
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that human P450 3A (CYP3A) which most likely catalyses the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine.
>Our previous studies using in vitro hepatic microsomal preparations suggested that human P450 3A (CYP3A) which most likely catalysed the hepatic metabolism of quinine to form the major metabolite 3-hydroxyquinine.
-
>Helicases not only catalyse the disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
>Helicases not only catalysed the disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
>The disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids was not only catalysed by helicases, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
>The disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids is not only catalysed by helicases, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
>Helicases which not only catalyse the disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
>Helicases which not only catalysed the disruption of hydrogen boding between complementary regions of nucleic acids, but also move along nucleic acid strands in a polar fashion.
-
>DNA helicases are enzymes that catalyze the unwinding of DNA by disrupting the hydrogen bonding between paired bases as they progress along the DNA strand in a polar fashion (either 3’5’ or 5’3’), and have been shown to be involved in many essential cellular processes, including replication, transcription, DNA repair and translation (for reviews see West, 1996; Bird et al., 1998; Lohman et al., 1998; Hall and Matson, 1999).
>DNA helicases are enzymes that catalyzed the unwinding of DNA by disrupting the hydrogen bonding between paired bases as they progress along the DNA strand in a polar fashion (either 3’5’ or 5’3’), and have been shown to be involved in many essential cellular processes, including replication, transcription, DNA repair and translation (for reviews see West, 1996; Bird et al., 1998; Lohman et al., 1998; Hall and Matson, 1999).
>DNA helicases catalyze the unwinding of DNA by disrupting the hydrogen bonding between paired bases as they progress along the DNA strand in a polar fashion (either 3’5’ or 5’3’), and have been shown to be involved in many essential cellular processes, including replication, transcription, DNA repair and translation (for reviews see West, 1996; Bird et al., 1998; Lohman et al., 1998; Hall and Matson, 1999).
>DNA helicases catalyzed the unwinding of DNA by disrupting the hydrogen bonding between paired bases as they progress along the DNA strand in a polar fashion (either 3’5’ or 5’3’), and have been shown to be involved in many essential cellular processes, including replication, transcription, DNA repair and translation (for reviews see West, 1996; Bird et al., 1998; Lohman et al., 1998; Hall and Matson, 1999).
-
>The two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68) catalyse the resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini, a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
>The two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68) catalysed the resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini, a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
>The two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68) which catalyse the resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini, a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
>The two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68) which catalysed the resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini, a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
>The resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini was catalysed by the two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68), a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
>The resolution of the covalently cosed AAV termini is catalysed by the two large virus-encoded Rep proteins (Rep78 and Rep68), a process that involves sequence-specific AAV DNA biding, strand-specific nicking and helicase activity under ATP consumption (Im and Muzyczka, 1990, 1992; Brister and Muzyczka, 1990, 2000).
-
>However, it is interesting to note that Rep78 and Rep68 catalyse the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
>However, it is interesting to note that Rep78 and Rep68 catalysed the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
>However, Rep78 and Rep68 which catalyse the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
>However, Rep78 and Rep68 which catalysed the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
>However, the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently is catalysed by Rep78 and Rep68, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
>However, the packaging reaction up to 1000-fold less efficiently was catalysed by Rep78 and Rep68, although they posses the entire Rep52 and Rep40 coding regions, respectively.
-
>In addition to clear loss-of-function mutations conferred by nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>In addition, loss-of-function mutations are conferred by nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>In addition, loss-of-function mutations were conferred by nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>Nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants confer loss-of-function mutations, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>Nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants conferred loss-of-function mutations, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>Nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants which confer loss-of-function mutations, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
>Nonsense or frameshift alterations in the coding sequence or by splice variants which conferred loss-of-function mutations, genetic screening has revealed a large number of missense codons with less obvious functional consequences.
-
>In itself, the gene variant does not confer an increased risk of diabetes.
>In itself, the gene variant did not confer an increased risk of diabetes.
>In itself, an increased risk of diabetes was not conferred by the gene variant.
>In itself, an increased risk of diabetes is not conferred by the gene variant.
>In itself, the gene variant which does not confer an increased risk of diabetes.
>In itself, the gene variant which did not confer an increased risk of diabetes.
-
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132 can be conferred on Stat1 by simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5.
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132 could be conferred on Stat1 by simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5.
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5 on Stat1 can confer the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132.
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5 on Stat1 could confer the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132.
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5 on Stat1 which can confer the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132.
>The data from the chimeras indicate that the difference is due to the which absence of carboxyl sequences in Stat1, since simply replacing the C-terminus with that of Stat5 on Stat1 could confer the Stat5 phenotype of stability in the presence of MG132.
-
>Human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), which directly reverses endogenous alkylation at the 06-position of guanine, confers resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target.
>Human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), which directly reverses endogenous alkylation at the 06-position of guanine, conferred resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target.
>Human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT) which confers resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target.
>Human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), which conferred resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target.
>Resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target is conferred by human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), which directly reverses endogenous alkylation at the 06-position of guanine.
>Resistance to alkylation chemotherapies and is therefore an active anticancer drug target was conferred by human 06-alkylguaning-DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), which directly reverses endogenous alkylation at the 06-position of guanine.
-
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and transfection of AGT confers resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and transfection of AGT conferred resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells is conferred by transfection of AGT (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells was conferred by transfection of AGT (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and transfection of AGT which confers resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
>Increased AGT levels parallel acquired alkylation resistance in human tumors (Brent et al., 1985; Mattern et al., 1998), and transfection of AGT which conferred resistance to alkylation-sensitive cells (Kaina et al., 1991), demonstrating the role of AGT in therapeutic resistance.
-
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), explaining the 06-BG resistance conferred by these mutations (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), the 06-BG resistance was conferred by these mutations (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), the 06-BG resistance is conferred by these mutations (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), these mutations conferred the 06-BG resistance (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), these mutations confer the 06-BG resistance (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), these mutations which conferred the 06-BG resistance (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
>Likewise, the introduced charge of Gly160His and Gly160Arg mutants would repel the benzyl group (Figure 3B), these mutations which confer the 06-BG resistance (Xu-Welliver et al., 1999a).
-
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165 confer resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165 conferred resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165 which confer resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165 which conferred resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165 conferred resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions was conferred by substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165.
>Besides these side chain interactions with the 06-alkyl group, structure-based analysis of mutational data suggests that resistance to 06-BG through backbone distortions is conferred by substitutions at Gly156 and Lys165.
-
>The portion of the STATs conferring specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP) has not been determined.
>The portion of the STATs confers specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP).
>The portion of the STATs confered specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP).
>The portion of the STATs which confers specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP) has not been determined.
>The portion of the STATs which confered specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP) has not been determined.
>Specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP) is confered by the portion of the STATs 
>Specificity for either a MAPK or a MAPK substrate kinase (MAPKAP) was confered by the portion of the STATs.
-
>Treatment with melatonin decreased lipid peroxide synthesis, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
>Treatment with melatonin decreases lipid peroxide synthesis, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
>Treatment with melatonin which decreased lipid peroxide synthesis, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
>Treatment with melatonin which decreases lipid peroxide synthesis, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
>Lipid peroxide synthesis is decreased by treatment with melatonin, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
>Lipid peroxide synthesis was decreased by treatment with melatonin, and permitted a recovery of both reduced glutathione and scavenger enzyme activity.
-
>It was found that NLF from smokers contained decreased levels of Clara cell secretory protein, and increased proportions of a truncated variant of lipocortin-1, threee acidic forms of alpha (1)-antitrypsin, and one phosphorylated form of cystatin S.Syntrophin binds to an alternatively spliced exon of dystrophin.
>It was found that NLF from smokers contained decreasing levels of Clara cell secretory protein, and increased proportions of a truncated variant of lipocortin-1, threee acidic forms of alpha (1)-antitrypsin, and one phosphorylated form of cystatin S.Syntrophin binds to an alternatively spliced exon of dystrophin.
>NLF from smokers contained decreased levels of Clara cell secretory protein, and increased proportions of a truncated variant of lipocortin-1, threee acidic forms of alpha (1)-antitrypsin, and one phosphorylated form of cystatin S.Syntrophin binds to an alternatively spliced exon of dystrophin.
>NLF from smokers contained decreasing levels of Clara cell secretory protein, and increased proportions of a truncated variant of lipocortin-1, threee acidic forms of alpha (1)-antitrypsin, and one phosphorylated form of cystatin S.Syntrophin binds to an alternatively spliced exon of dystrophin.
-
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and their mutation was shown to decrease promoter activity in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and their mutation decreases promoter activity in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and their mutation decreased promoter activity in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and promoter activity is decreased by their mutation in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and promoter activity was decreased by their mutation in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and their mutation which decreases promoter activity in cardiomyocytes.
>MEF2-binding sites have been reported in several cardiac promoters and their mutation which decreased promoter activity in cardiomyocytes.
-
>If this distance of 30 amino acids is not maintained, as in human AspRS chimera#1, or in yeast LysTS chimera#1 and yeast AsnRS chimera#2 (Figure 5B), the binding to tRNA is strongly affected and the protection is decreased, or even abolished in the case of human AspRS chimera#1 (Table).
>If this distance of 30 amino acids is not maintained, as in human AspRS chimera#1, or in yeast LysTS chimera#1 and yeast AsnRS chimera#2 (Figure 5B), the binding to tRNA is strongly affected and the protection was decreased, or even abolished in the case of human AspRS chimera#1 (Table).
>If this distance of 30 amino acids is not maintained, as in human AspRS chimera#1, or in yeast LysTS chimera#1 and yeast AsnRS chimera#2 (Figure 5B), the binding to tRNA is strongly affected and the protection was decreased, or even abolished in the case of human AspRS chimera#1 (Table).
>If this distance of 30 amino acids is not maintained, as in human AspRS chimera#1, or in yeast LysTS chimera#1 and yeast AsnRS chimera#2 (Figure 5B), the binding to tRNA is strongly affected and the protection will be decreased, or even abolished in the case of human AspRS chimera#1 (Table).
>If this distance of 30 amino acids is not maintained, as in human AspRS chimera#1, or in yeast LysTS chimera#1 and yeast AsnRS chimera#2 (Figure 5B), the binding to tRNA is strongly affected and the protection had been decreased, or even abolished in the case of human AspRS chimera#1 (Table).
-
>In contrast, only low levels of the truncated RAP1 peptides were detected (consistent with lower expression levels and decreased methionine content), and neither RAP2 nor RAP3 was co-immunoprecipitated in the RAP1 mutants.
>In contrast, only low levels of the truncated RAP1 peptides were detected (consistent with lower expression levels and decreases methionine content), and neither RAP2 nor RAP3 was co-immunoprecipitated in the RAP1 mutants.
>In contrast, only low levels of the truncated RAP1 peptides were detected (consistent with lower expression levels and methionine content is decreased), and neither RAP2 nor RAP3 was co-immunoprecipitated in the RAP1 mutants.
>In contrast, only low levels of the truncated RAP1 peptides were detected (consistent with lower expression levels and methionine content was decreased), and neither RAP2 nor RAP3 was co-immunoprecipitated in the RAP1 mutants.
>In contrast, only low levels of the truncated RAP1 peptides were detected (consistent with lower expression levels and methionine content will be decreased), and neither RAP2 nor RAP3 was co-immunoprecipitated in the RAP1 mutants.
-
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content was significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content is significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content will be significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content which was significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content which is significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
>In brain areas of schizophrenia patients homologous to those of the nonpsychiatric subjects, the RELN mRNA content which will be significantly decreased (4050%; see Table 2).
-
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine were found to decrease by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine were predicted to decrease by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine were proven to decrease by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine decrease by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine decreased by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine which decrease by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
>Concomitantly, the levels of acetylcholine which decreased by 37.8% in the lead-treated animals as compared to the controls.
-
>In contrast, GP only decreased by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP only decreases by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP was found to only decrease by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP was predicted to only decreased by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP was proven to only decreased by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP which only decreased by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
>In contrast, GP which only decreases by 12.4% +/-3.9% (1.97 +/-0.13 to 1.73 +/-0.13 mg/kg/min; not significant [NS]) in those who had little to no increase in plasma citrulline concentration.
-
>Furthermore, the CD3? expression decreased by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
>Furthermore, the CD3? expression decreases by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
>Furthermore, the CD3? expression which decreased by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
>Furthermore, the CD3? expression which decreases by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
>Furthermore, the CD3? Expression were proven to decrease by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
>Furthermore, the CD3? expression were found decrease by mixing normal T cells with TBM-M?s in a cell-number-dependent manner (Fig.2B).
-
>Alternative mRNA splicing in the coding region (encoded by exons 3-12) generates transcripts which delete exons 8 (75 nt), 7+8 (156 nt) or 8+9 (168 nt) and that encode distinct protein isoforms (delta25, delta52 and delta56 aa, respectively).
>Alternative mRNA splicing in the coding region (encoded by exons 3-12) generates transcripts which deleted exons 8 (75 nt), 7+8 (156 nt) or 8+9 (168 nt) and that encode distinct protein isoforms (delta25, delta52 and delta56 aa, respectively).
>Alternative mRNA splicing in the coding region (encoded by exons 3-12) generates transcripts with exons 8 (75 nt), 7+8 (156 nt) or 8+9 (168 nt) deleted and that encode distinct protein isoforms (delta25, delta52 and delta56 aa, respectively).
>Alternative mRNA splicing in the coding region (encoded by exons 3-12) generates transcripts which is deleted for exons 8 (75 nt), 7+8 (156 nt) or 8+9 (168 nt) and that encode distinct protein isoforms (delta25, delta52 and delta56 aa, respectively).
>Alternative mRNA splicing in the coding region (encoded by exons 3-12) generates transcripts which was deleted for exons 8 (75 nt), 7+8 (156 nt) or 8+9 (168 nt) and that encode distinct protein isoforms (delta25, delta52 and delta56 aa, respectively).
-
>Of note, the V82F mutation, which occurs adjacent to the 5&apos; donor site of intron 4, resulted in approximately 54% aberrantly spliced transcripts with exon 4 deleted.
>Of note, the V82F mutation, which occurs adjacent to the 5&apos; donor site of intron 4, resulted in approximately 54% aberrantly spliced transcripts which delete exon 4.
>Of note, the V82F mutation, which occurs adjacent to the 5&apos; donor site of intron 4, resulted in approximately 54% aberrantly spliced transcripts which deleted exon 4.
>Of note, the V82F mutation, which occurs adjacent to the 5&apos; donor site of intron 4, resulted in approximately 54% aberrantly spliced transcripts which is deleted for exon 4.
>Of note, the V82F mutation, which occurs adjacent to the 5&apos; donor site of intron 4, resulted in approximately 54% aberrantly spliced transcripts which were deleted for exon 4.
-
>Of the splicing mutations, the IVS2+1 allele produced a single transcript with exon 2 deleted, whereas the IVS9 delta A+4 allele was alternatively spliced, approximately 26% being normal transcripts and the remainder with exon 9 deleted.
>Of the splicing mutations, the IVS2+1 allele produced a single transcript with exon 2 deleted, whereas the IVS9 delta A+4 allele was alternatively spliced, approximately 26% being normal transcripts and the remainder which deletes exon 9.
>Of the splicing mutations, the IVS2+1 allele produced a single transcript with exon 2 deleted, whereas the IVS9 delta A+4 allele was alternatively spliced, approximately 26% being normal transcripts and the remainder which deleted exon 9.
>Of the splicing mutations, the IVS2+1 allele produced a single transcript with exon 2 deleted, whereas the IVS9 delta A+4 allele was alternatively spliced, approximately 26% being normal transcripts and the remainder which is deleted  for exon 9.
>Of the splicing mutations, the IVS2+1 allele produced a single transcript with exon 2 deleted, whereas the IVS9 delta A+4 allele was alternatively spliced, approximately 26% being normal transcripts and the remainder which was deleted for exon 9.
-
>From both the man and mouse we have isolated an alternative spliced form of Dmc1 cDNA (Dmc1-d), which is deleted for a region between the two motifs involved in nucleotide binding.
>From both the man and mouse we have isolated an alternative spliced form of Dmc1 cDNA (Dmc1-d), which was deleted for a region between the two motifs involved in nucleotide binding.
>From both the man and mouse we have isolated an alternative spliced form of Dmc1 cDNA (Dmc1-d), which deleted a region between the two motifs involved in nucleotide binding.
>From both the man and mouse we have isolated an alternative spliced form of Dmc1 cDNA (Dmc1-d), which deletes a region between the two motifs involved in nucleotide binding.
>From both the man and mouse we have isolated an alternative spliced form of Dmc1 cDNA (Dmc1-d) with a region between the two motifs involved in nucleotide binding delete.
-
>Alternative messenger RNA (mRNA) splicing may delete exon 4 sequences, resulting in a mRNA that does not encode a functional IL-2 receptor.
>Alternative messenger RNA (mRNA) splicing which may delete exon 4 sequences, resulting in a mRNA that does not encode a functional IL-2 receptor.
>Exon 4 sequences may be deleted by alternative messenger RNA (mRNA) splicing, resulting in a mRNA that does not encode a functional IL-2 receptor.
-
>The GATA-4 mutants that delete the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
>The GATA-4 mutants which delete the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
>The GATA-4 mutants which deleted the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
>The GATA-4 mutants which is deleted for the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
>The GATA-4 mutants which was deleted for the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
>The GATA-4 mutants with the N-terminal region (127 &#8211; 443 and 201 &#8211; 443) and the first zinc finger (242 &#8211; 443) deleted were able to synergize with MEF2A (Figure 6A).
-
>However, the GATA-4 mutants that delete the C-terminal transactivition domain (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
>However, the GATA-4 mutants which delete the C-terminal transactivition domain (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
>However, the GATA-4 mutants which deleted the C-terminal transactivition domain (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
>However, the GATA-4 mutants which are deleted for the C-terminal transactivition domain (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
>However, the GATA-4 mutants which were deleted for the C-terminal transactivition domain (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
>However, the GATA-4 mutants with the C-terminal transactivition domain deleted (1 &#8211; 332, 201 &#8211; 332) were all unable to support MEF2 synergy.
-
>The reporter plasmids contained a shorter fragment of the ErbB-2 promoter with a functional (D: ErbB-2: S) or mutated ZONAB-binding site (D: ErbB-2: S-D, deleted; ErbB-2: S-A, substitution of the inverted CCAAT box).
>The reporter plasmids contained a shorter fragment of the ErbB-2 promoter which deletes mutated ZONAB-binding site (D: ErbB-2: S-D; ErbB-2: S-A, substitution of the inverted CCAAT box).
>The reporter plasmids contained a shorter fragment of the ErbB-2 promoter which deleted mutated ZONAB-binding site (D: ErbB-2: S-D; ErbB-2: S-A, substitution of the inverted CCAAT box).
>The reporter plasmids contained a shorter fragment of the ErbB-2 promoter which is deleted for mutated ZONAB-binding site (D: ErbB-2: S-D; ErbB-2: S-A, substitution of the inverted CCAAT box).
>The reporter plasmids contained a shorter fragment of the ErbB-2 promoter which was deleted for mutated ZONAB-binding site (D: ErbB-2: S-D; ErbB-2: S-A, substitution of the inverted CCAAT box).
-
>In plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, the ZONAB binding was deleted, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
>In plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, the ZONAB binding is deleted, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
>In plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, the ZONAB binding will be deleted, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
>The ZONAB binding is deleted in plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
>The ZONAB binding was deleted in plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
>The ZONAB binding will be deleted in plasmid ErbB-2: S-D, and in ErbB-2: S-A the inverted CCAAT box was substituted.
-
>Thus, this granule enzyme is required for the unique effects of Leu-Leu-OMe and may provide a target for the development of other immunotherapeutic agents designed to delete cytotoxic lymphocyte responses.
>Thus, this granule enzyme is required for the unique effects of Leu-Leu-OMe and may provide a target for the development of other immunotherapeutic agents found to delete cytotoxic lymphocyte responses.
>Thus, this granule enzyme is required for the unique effects of Leu-Leu-OMe and may provide a target for the development of other immunotherapeutic agents proven to delete cytotoxic lymphocyte responses.
>Thus, this granule enzyme is required for the unique effects of Leu-Leu-OMe and may provide a target for the development of other immunotherapeutic agents which proven to delete cytotoxic lymphocyte responses.
>Thus, this granule enzyme is required for the unique effects of Leu-Leu-OMe and may provide a target for the development of other immunotherapeutic agents that proven to delete cytotoxic lymphocyte responses.
-
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors that delete the viral transcription elements.
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors which delete the viral transcription elements.
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors which deleted the viral transcription elements.
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors that deleted the viral transcription elements.
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors which are deleted for the viral transcription elements.
>The generation of replication-competent virus is considered less likely with vectors which were deleted for the viral transcription elements.
-
>In the presence of the phage P1 cyclization recombinase cre, the transposon can delete the URA3, tetA, and lacZ genes between the two loxP sites.
>In the presence of the phage P1 cyclization recombinase cre, the transposon may delete the URA3, tetA, and lacZ genes between the two loxP sites.
>In the presence of the phage P1 cyclization recombinase cre, the transposon could delete the URA3, tetA, and lacZ genes between the two loxP sites.
>In the presence of the phage P1 cyclization recombinase cre, the transposon might delete the URA3, tetA, and lacZ genes between the two loxP sites.
-
>Appropriate progenitor strains can now be constructed to delete virtually any chromosomal region by utilizing an extensive collection of lines containing single P element insertions throughout the Drosophila genome.
>Appropriate progenitor strains could now be constructed to delete virtually any chromosomal region by utilizing an extensive collection of lines containing single P element insertions throughout the Drosophila genome.
>Appropriate progenitor strains might now be constructed to delete virtually any chromosomal region by utilizing an extensive collection of lines containing single P element insertions throughout the Drosophila genome.
>Appropriate progenitor strains may now be constructed to delete virtually any chromosomal region by utilizing an extensive collection of lines containing single P element insertions throughout the Drosophila genome.
-
>The propensity of isolates of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum to delete a segment of chromosome 9 has provided positional information that has allowed us to identify a gene necessary for cytoadherence.
>Isolates of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum has found to delete a segment of chromosome 9 has provided positional information that has allowed us to identify a gene necessary for cytoadherence.
>Isolates of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum were found to delete a segment of chromosome 9 has provided positional information that has allowed us to identify a gene necessary for cytoadherence.
>Isolates of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum has proven to delete a segment of chromosome 9 has provided positional information that has allowed us to identify a gene necessary for cytoadherence.
>Isolates of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum were proven to delete a segment of chromosome 9 has provided positional information that has allowed us to identify a gene necessary for cytoadherence.
-
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs silence T cells either by deleting them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs silence T cells either by deleting them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs delete them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs deleted them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs which delete them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs which deleted them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs that delete them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
>Recent experiments have provided direct evidence that antigen-loaded immature DCs that deleted them or by expanding regulatory T cells.
-
>Colonies of C.albicans cells deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells delete for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells are deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells were deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells with CST20 deleted revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells which deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells which delete for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells which are deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
>Colonies of C.albicans cells which were deleted for CST20 revealed defects in the lateral formation of mycelia on synthetic solid &quot;Spider&quot; media.
-
>By using homologous recombination in mouse embryonic stem cells, the headpiece domain of dematin was deleted to evaluate its function in vivo.
>By using homologous recombination in mouse embryonic stem cells, the headpiece domain of dematin is deleted to evaluate its function in vivo.
>By using homologous recombination in mouse embryonic stem cells, the headpiece domain of dematin will be deleted to evaluate its function in vivo.
>By using homologous recombination in mouse embryonic stem cells, which deletes the headpiece domain of dematin to evaluate its function in vivo.
>By using homologous recombination in mouse embryonic stem cells, which deleted the headpiece domain of dematin to evaluate its function in vivo.
-
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son developed acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son develops acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son have developed acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son has develop acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son will develope acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
>Three new mutations, two missense and one nonsense, were detected: (1) a C-to-T transition in codon 44 in exon 2 replacing a threonine by an isoleucine (T44I) was found in a late-onset symptomatic female patient but not in her asymptomatic mother; (2) a C-to-T transition in codon 214 creating a new RsaI recognition site in exon 6 and substituting tyrosine for histidine (H214Y) was identified in an asymptomatic female carrier whose son can develop acute neonatal onset of OTC deficiency; (3) a C-to-T transition in codon 320 (arginine) abolishing a TaqI recognition site and creating a new BclI site in exon 9 with generation of a stop codon (R320X) leading to premature termination in the enzyme.
-
>Although Pin1 -/- mice have previously been shown to develop normally (Fujimori et al., 1999), we have uncovered that they display a range of cell proliferative abnomalities, including decreased body size, retinal degenration and neurological abnormalities.
>Although Pin1 -/- mice have previously been found to develop normally (Fujimori et al., 1999), we have uncovered that they display a range of cell proliferative abnomalities, including decreased body size, retinal degenration and neurological abnormalities.
>Although Pin1 -/- mice have previously been predicted to develop normally (Fujimori et al., 1999), we have uncovered that they display a range of cell proliferative abnomalities, including decreased body size, retinal degenration and neurological abnormalities.
>Although Pin1 -/- mice have previously developed normally (Fujimori et al., 1999), we have uncovered that they display a range of cell proliferative abnomalities, including decreased body size, retinal degenration and neurological abnormalities.
>Although Pin1 -/- mice will be previously develop normally (Fujimori et al., 1999), we have uncovered that they display a range of cell proliferative abnomalities, including decreased body size, retinal degenration and neurological abnormalities.
-
>Spinach sown in October develops into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
>Spinach sown in October developed into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
>Spinach sown in October has developed into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
>Spinach sown in October will develop into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
>Spinach sown in October that develops into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
>Spinach sown in October which develops into the rosette stage and grows through the end of November.
-
>It is planted from September up to the end of October, develops into the rosette stage and keeps on growing until the end of November.
>It is planted from September up to the end of October, developed into the rosette stage and keeps on growing until the end of November.
>It is planted from September up to the end of October, has developed into the rosette stage and keeps on growing until the end of November.
>It is planted from September up to the end of October, will develop into the rosette stage and keeps on growing until the end of November.
>It is planted from September up to the end of October, that develops into the rosette stage and keeps on growing until the end of November.
-
>The 415G4 mutation disrupted a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
>The 415G4 mutation has disrupted a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
>The 415G4 mutation that disrupted a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
>The 415G4 mutation which disrupts a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
>The 415G4 mutation disrupts a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
>The 415G4 mutation which disrupted a splicing enhancer sequence: (GAR)n-(GAR)n resulting in exon 5 skipping.
-
>This deletion disrupted the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
>This deletion which disrupted the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
>This deletion will disrupt the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
>This deletion that disrupted the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
>This deletion has disrupted the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
>This deletion disrupts the consensus 5’ splice signal and led to exon skipping.
-
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing has been identified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing is identified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing was identified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing will beidentified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing which has been identified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
>A homozygous mutation that disrupts splicing that has been identified in affected siblings with classical abetalipoproteinemia.
-
>Studies using polymerase chain reaction, restriction enzyme digestion (the Gly188----Glu mutation disrupts an Ava II site, the Arg243----His mutation, a Hha I site, and the Asp250----Asn mutation, a Taq I site), and allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization confirmed that the patients were indeed compound heterozygous for the respective mutations.
>Studies using polymerase chain reaction, restriction enzyme digestion (the Gly188----Glu mutation disrupted an Ava II site, the Arg243----His mutation, a Hha I site, and the Asp250----Asn mutation, a Taq I site), and allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization confirmed that the patients were indeed compound heterozygous for the respective mutations.
>Studies using polymerase chain reaction, restriction enzyme digestion (the Gly188----Glu mutation will disrupt an Ava II site, the Arg243----His mutation, a Hha I site, and the Asp250----Asn mutation, a Taq I site), and allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization confirmed that the patients were indeed compound heterozygous for the respective mutations.
>Studies using polymerase chain reaction, restriction enzyme digestion (the Gly188----Glu mutation has disrupted an Ava II site, the Arg243----His mutation, a Hha I site, and the Asp250----Asn mutation, a Taq I site), and allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization confirmed that the patients were indeed compound heterozygous for the respective mutations.
>Studies using polymerase chain reaction, restriction enzyme digestion (the Gly188----Glu mutation which disrupts an Ava II site, the Arg243----His mutation, a Hha I site, and the Asp250----Asn mutation, a Taq I site), and allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization confirmed that the patients were indeed compound heterozygous for the respective mutations.
-
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion disrupted the open reading frame.
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion disrupts the open reading frame.	
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion will disrupt the open reading frame.	
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion has disrupted the open reading frame.	
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion which disrupted the open reading frame.	
>Sequencing of cloned polymerase chain reaction amplified fragments of the AMH gene revealed a 14-bp deletion in the second exon of the maternal allele; this deletion that disrupted the open reading frame.	
-
>R142X, located within a purine-rich segment at nt 62/116 of exon 5, caused skipping of the exon, possibly by disrupting a splicing enhancer.
>R142X, located within a purine-rich segment at nt 62/116 of exon 5, caused skipping of the exon, possibly through disrupting a splicing enhancer.
-
>Quantitative single-unit electrophysiology revealed that alcohol exposure disrupted ocular dominance plasticity while preserving robust visual responses.
>Quantitative single-unit electrophysiology revealed that alcohol exposure disrupts ocular dominance plasticity while preserving robust visual responses.
>Quantitative single-unit electrophysiology revealed that alcohol exposure will disrupt ocular dominance plasticity while preserving robust visual responses.
>Quantitative single-unit electrophysiology revealed that alcohol exposure has disrupted ocular dominance plasticity while preserving robust visual responses.
-
>These mutations may be acting in a dominant-negative fashion to disrupt the ubiquitin-binding function, which could result in abnormal activation of the NF-kappaB pathway and the subsequent activation of the osteoclasts.
>These mutations may be acting in a dominant-negative fashion which ability to disrupt the ubiquitin-binding function, which could result in abnormal activation of the NF-kappaB pathway and the subsequent activation of the osteoclasts.
>These mutations may be acting in a dominant-negative fashion which found to disrupt the ubiquitin-binding function, which could result in abnormal activation of the NF-kappaB pathway and the subsequent activation of the osteoclasts.
>These mutations may be acting in a dominant-negative fashion which shown to disrupt the ubiquitin-binding function, which could result in abnormal activation of the NF-kappaB pathway and the subsequent activation of the osteoclasts.
-
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation might disrupt protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation could disrupt protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation disrupted protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation has disrupted protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation will disrupt protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
>Treatment of the systemic inflammatory response to CPB is also confounded by the fact that inhibition of inflammation which disrupted protective physiologic responses or result in immunosuppression.
-
>Mutations in this region could disrupt keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
>Mutations in this region might disrupt keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
>Mutations in this region can disrupt keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
>Mutations in this region disrupt keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
>Mutations in this region disrupted keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
>Mutations in this region has disrupted keratin filament assembly, leading to degeneration or cytolysis of keratinocytes.
-
>Mutations in p53 disrupt checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
>Mutations in p53 disrupted checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
>Mutations in p53 have disrupted checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
>Mutations in p53 will disrupt checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
>Mutations in p53 which disrupt checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
>Mutations in p53 disrupt checkpoint responses to DNA damage and result in the potential for destabilization of the genome.
-
>Thus, attempts to disrupt the tumour vessels by manipulation of the Tie-2 system in tumours may result in side-effects in peripheral nerves.
>Thus, attemptsed to disrupt the tumour vessels by manipulation of the Tie-2 system in tumours may result in side-effects in peripheral nerves.
>Thus, will attempt to disrupt the tumour vessels by manipulation of the Tie-2 system in tumours may result in side-effects in peripheral nerves.
>Thus, has attempted to disrupt the tumour vessels by manipulation of the Tie-2 system in tumours may result in side-effects in peripheral nerves.
-
>Arg99 and Arg253 can interact with the keto groups of the GO and C base pair(blue) in both sides of dsDNA to disrupt the pairing hydrogen bonds in the model.
>Arg99 and Arg253 can interact with the keto groups of the GO and C base pair(blue) in both sides of dsDNA disrupting the pairing hydrogen bonds in the model.
>Arg99 and Arg253 can interact with the keto groups of the GO and C base pair(blue) in both sides of dsDNA for disrupting the pairing hydrogen bonds in the model.
-
>The zinc finger motif, which specifically recognizes the GO:C pair, is firmly fixed with respect to the C-terminal domain by the hydrogen bond network, so the Lys147Ala substitution would be expected to disrupt the interaction, resulting in a drastic decrease of activity against GO:C substrates.
>The zinc finger motif, which specifically recognizes the GO:C pair, is firmly fixed with respect to the C-terminal domain by the hydrogen bond network, so the Lys147Ala substitution would be expected for disrupting the interaction, resulting in a drastic decrease of activity against GO:C substrates.
>The zinc finger motif, which specifically recognizes the GO:C pair, is firmly fixed with respect to the C-terminal domain by the hydrogen bond network, so the Lys147Ala substitution would be disrupted the interaction, resulting in a drastic decrease of activity against GO:C substrates.
>The zinc finger motif, which specifically recognizes the GO:C pair, is firmly fixed with respect to the C-terminal domain by the hydrogen bond network, so the Lys147Ala substitution would be found to disrupt the interaction, resulting in a drastic decrease of activity against GO:C substrates.
>The zinc finger motif, which specifically recognizes the GO:C pair, is firmly fixed with respect to the C-terminal domain by the hydrogen bond network, so the Lys147Ala substitution would be shown to disrupt the interaction, resulting in a drastic decrease of activity against GO:C substrates.
-
>Importantly, the findings show that the knockout of MEKK1 or MEKK2 expression does not disrupt the overall integrity of MAPK pathway regulation.
>Importantly, the findings show that the knockout of MEKK1 or MEKK2 expression did not disrupt the overall integrity of MAPK pathway regulation.
>Importantly, the findings show that the knockout of MEKK1 or MEKK2 expression will not disrupt the overall integrity of MAPK pathway regulation.
>Importantly, the findings show that the knockout of MEKK1 or MEKK2 expression could not disrupt the overall integrity of MAPK pathway regulation.
>Importantly, the findings show that the knockout of MEKK1 or MEKK2 expression has not disrupt the overall integrity of MAPK pathway regulation.
-
>One of the remaining three families carried a 3-bp in-frame deletion that would eliminate an asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>One of the remaining three families carried a 3-bp in-frame deletion that eliminated an asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>One of the remaining three families carried a 3-bp in-frame deletion that eliminates an asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>An asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product is eliminated by a 3-bp in-frame deletion; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>An asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product was eliminated by a 3-bp in-frame deletion; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>One of the remaining three families carried a 3-bp in-frame deletion eliminating an asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
>One of the remaining three families carried a 3-bp in-frame deletion eliminated an asparagine residue within a kinase domain of the product; the other two carried intronic mutations at or adjacent to the consensus dinucleotide sequences of splice-acceptor or-donor sites, which were likely to lead to aberrant splicing.
-
>One mutation eliminates the BamHI site in exon 7 and the other eliminates the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>One mutation eliminates the BamHI site in exon 7.
>One mutation eliminated the BamHI site in exon 7.
>The BamHI site is eliminated in exon 7 by one mutation.
>The BamHI site was eliminated in exon 7 by one mutation.
>One mutation would eliminate the BamHI site in exon 7.
>One mutation that eliminates the BamHI site in exon 7.
>One mutation that eliminated the BamHI site in exon 7.
-
>One mutation eliminates the BamHI site in exon 7 and the other eliminates the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the other eliminates the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the other eliminated the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the other would eliminate the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the HindIII site was eliminated by the other in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the HindIII site is eliminated by the other in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the other that eliminates the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
>the other that eliminated the HindIII site in exon 11 of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene.
-
>They establish that inhibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, could eliminate vital stem cells required for skeletal muscle regeneration during chronic catabolic conditions.
>They establish that inhibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, can eliminate vital stem cells required for skeletal muscle regeneration during chronic catabolic conditions.
>Ihibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, eliminated vital stem cells.
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, eliminates vital stem cells.
>Vital stem cells are eliminated by inhibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation.
>Vital stem cells were eliminated by inhibition of any one of these molecules,as may occur following caspase activation.
>Ihibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, that eliminated vital stem cells.
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules, as may occur following caspase activation, that eliminates vital stem cells.
-
>This occurs by microbe-detecting receptors, such as CD14, that activate immune cells to eliminate the pathogens.
>This occurs by microbe-detecting receptors, such as CD14, that activate immune cells for eliminating the pathogens.
>Microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells, such as CD14, eliminate the pathogens.
>Microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells, such as CD14, eliminated the pathogens.
>The pathogens are eliminated by microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells, such as CD14.
>The pathogens were eliminated by microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells such as CD14.
>Microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells, such as CD14, that eliminate the pathogens.
>Microbe-detecting receptors activate immune cells, such as CD14, which eliminated the pathogens.
-
>Transgenic plants expressing AtNDK1 under control of the CaMV 35S promoter exhibited tolerance to paraquat and high ability to eliminate exogenous H(2)O(2).
>Transgenic plants expressing AtNDK1 under control of the CaMV 35S promoter exhibited tolerance to paraquat and high ability for eliminating exogenous H(2)O(2).
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules eliminated exogenous H(2)O(2) in transgenic plants.
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules eliminate exogenous H(2)O(2) in transgenic plants.
>Exogenous H(2)O(2) is eliminated in transgenic plants by inhibition of any one of these molecules.
>Exogenous H(2)O(2) was eliminated in transgenic plants by inhibition of any one of these molecules.
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules that eliminated exogenous H(2)O(2) in transgenic plants.
>Inhibition of any one of these molecules that eliminate exogenous H(2)O(2) in transgenic plants.
-
>To eliminate any deleterious effects that might be associated with stable HOXB4 gene transfer into human cells, we took advantage of the ability of HOX proteins to passively translocate through cell membranes.
>For eliminating any deleterious effects that might be associated with stable HOXB4 gene transfer into human cells, we took advantage of the ability of HOX proteins to passively translocate through cell membranes.
>Eliminating any deleterious effects that might be associated with stable HOXB4 gene transfer into human cells, we took advantage of the ability of HOX proteins to passively translocate through cell membranes.
-
>Addition of Grb2 significantly reduced SH3A binding to mSos1 in a concent rat ion-dependent manner, with binding completely eliminated at a molar ratio of 5:1 (Figure 7).
>Addition of Grb2 significantly reduced SH3A binding to mSos1 in a concent rat ion-dependent manner, at a molar ratio of 5:1 completely eliminated SH3A binding to mSos1 (Figure 7).
>Addition of Grb2 significantly reduced SH3A binding to mSos1 in a concent rat ion-dependent manner, at a molar ratio of 5:1 completely eliminates SH3A binding to mSos1 (Figure 7).
>Addition of Grb2 significantly reduced SH3A binding to mSos1 in a concent rat ion-dependent manner, binding is completely eliminated at a molar ratio of 5:1.
>Addition of Grb2 significantly reduced SH3A binding to mSos1 in a concent rat ion-dependent manner, binding was completely eliminated at a molar ratio of 5:1 
-
>Eliminating the inhibitory phosphorylation or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>To eliminate the inhibitory phosphorylation or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>For eliminating the inhibitory phosphorylation or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>The inhibitory phosphorylation is eliminated or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>The inhibitory phosphorylation was eliminated or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>The inhibitory phosphorylation that is eliminated or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
>The inhibitory phosphorylation that was eliminated or mimicking activating phosphorylation sites is sufficient to confer constitutive activity upon lin-45 Raf and induce multi-vulva phenotypes in C.elegans.
-
>Mutation of T491 eliminated the recognition by the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 had no effect (Figure 2C).
>Mutation of T491 eliminates the recognition by the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 has no effect (Figure 2C).
>Mutation of T491 that eliminated the recognition by the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 had no effect (Figure 2C).
>Mutation of T491 that eliminates the recognition by the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 has no effect (Figure 2C).
>The recognition is eliminated by mutation of T491 through the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 had no effect (Figure 2C).
>The recognition was eliminated by mutation of T491 through the anti-pT598 antibody while mutation at S494 had no effect (Figure 2C).
-
>The same high level of activation of B-Raf occurs only when all three sites are eliminated.
>All three sites eliminated make the same high level of activation of B-Raf occurs.
>Eliminating all three sites make the same high level of activation of B-Raf occurs.
>To eliminate all three sites make the same high level of activation of B-Raf occurs.
>The same high level of activation of B-Raf occurs only when all three sites were eliminated.
-
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, yet these same mutations completely eliminate Sec incorporation (Lesoon et al., 1997).
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, these same mutations completely eliminated Sec incorporation.
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, Sec incorporation is completely eliminated by these same mutations.
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, Sec incorporation was completely eliminated by these same mutations.
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, yet these same mutations that completely eliminate Sec incorporation (Lesoon et al., 1997).
>Secondly, SBP2 binding activity is not affected by mutations in the tetra-adenosine element in the terminal region of the PHGPx 3’ UTR, these same mutations that completely eliminated Sec incorporation.
-
>As illustrated in Figure 1, staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown) did not eliminate the stabilization seen with MG132.
>As illustrated in Figure 1, staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown) which did not eliminate the stabilization seen with MG132.
>As illustrated in Figure 1, staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown) that did not eliminate the stabilization seen with MG132.
>As illustrated in Figure 1, staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown) do not eliminate the stabilization seen with MG132.
>As illustrated in Figure 1, the stabilization seen with MG132 was not eliminated by staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown).
>As illustrated in Figure 1, the stabilization seen with MG132 are not eliminated by staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown).
>As illustrated in Figure 1, the stabilization seen with MG132 which were not eliminated by staurosporin (or genestein; data not shown).
-
>Supt4h2 encodes a 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
>Supt4h2 encoded a 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
>A 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference is encoded by Supt4h2, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
>A 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference was encoded by Supt4h2, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
>Supt4h2 which encode a 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
>Supt4h2 that encoded a 117 amino acid protein nearly identical to the Supt4h gene product with only one amino acid difference, indicating extreme conservation of this expressed processed gene with the spliced gene over evolutionary time.
-
>Compound heterozygous or homozygous mutations spread over all six exons encoding the 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>Six exons encode the 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>Six exons encoded the 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>Six exons that encode the 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>Six exons that encoded the 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>The 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase was encoded by six exons cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
>The 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase is encoded by six exons cause an autosomal recessively inherited variant of hyperphenylalaninemia, mostly accompanied by a deficiency of dopamine and serotonin.
-
>This is the first known example of such mutations that has apparently abolished the functional splicing of a pre-mRNA encoding a multipass integral membrane protein.
>This is the first known example of such mutations that has apparently abolished the functional that a pre-mRNA encodes a multipass integral membrane protein.
>This is the first known example of such mutations that has apparently abolished the functional that a pre-mRNA encoded a multipass integral membrane protein.
>This is the first known example of such mutations that has apparently abolished the functional that a multipass integral membrane protein was encoded by a pre-mRNA.
>This is the first known example of such mutations that has apparently abolished the functional that a multipass integral membrane protein is encoded by a pre-mRNA.
-
>The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae encodes a protein that participates in the second step of the splicing reaction.
>The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae encoded a protein that participated in the second step of the splicing reaction.
>A protein that participated in the second step of the splicing reaction was encoded by The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
>A protein that participates in the second step of the splicing reaction is encoded by The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
>The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae which encode a protein that participates in the second step of the splicing reaction.
>The PRP17 gene of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae which encoded a protein that participated in the second step of the splicing reaction.
-
>The human SNRPN (small nuclear ribonucleoprotein polypeptide N) gene is one of a gene family that encode proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>The human SNRPN (small nuclear ribonucleoprotein polypeptide N) gene is one of a gene family encoded proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>A gene family encode proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>Proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing were encoded by a gene family and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>Proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing are encoded by a gene family and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>A gene family which encode proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
>A gene family which encoded proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing and maps to the smallest deletion region involved in the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) within chromosome 15q11-q13.
-
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues reveals that SBP2 may be encoded by as many as three distinct transcripts.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues reveals that SBP2 was encoded by as many as three distinct transcripts.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues reveals that SBP2 is encoded by as many as three distinct transcripts.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues shows that three distinct transcripts encoded SBP2.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues shows that three distinct transcripts encode SBP2.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues shows three distinct transcripts that encode SBP2.
>Expression SBP2 Northern analysis of poly (A) + RNA from various tissues shows three distinct transcripts that encoded SBP2.
-
>It is possible, therefore, that the added sequences in the larger forms of SBP2 mRNA are involved in regulating its expression of encoding proteins with other functions.
>Our reseach shows that the added sequences in the larger forms of SBP2 mRNA encode proteins with other functions.
>Our reseach shows that the added sequences in the larger forms of SBP2 mRNA encoded proteins with other functions.
>Our reseach shows that proteins with other functions are encoded by the added sequences in the larger forms of SBP2 mRNA.
>Our reseach shows that proteins with other functions were encoded by the added sequences in the larger forms of SBP2 mRNA.
-
>In plants it is estimated that between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins are encoded by nuclear genes (Martin and Herrmann, 1998) and, by analogy, in Apicomplexa most of the protein content of the apicoplast will most likely also be nucleus encoded.
>In plants it is estimated that between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins are encoded by nuclear genes.
>In plants it is estimated that between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins were encoded by nuclear genes.
>In plants it is estimated that nuclear genes encode between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins.
>In plants it is estimated that nuclear genes encoded between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins.
>In plants it is estimated that nuclear genes which encode between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins.
>In plants it is estimated that nuclear genes which encoded between 1000 and 5000 chloroplast proteins.
-
>In this vector the T.gondii dhfr-ts region was excised with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated to encode resistance to WR99210 (Fidock and Wellems, 1997).
>In this vector the T.gondii dhfr-ts region was excised with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated that encoded resistance to WR99210.
>In this vector the T.gondii dhfr-ts region was excised with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated that encodes resistance to WR99210.
>In this vector the T.gondii dhfr-ts region was excised with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated encoding resistance to WR99210 (Fidock and Wellems, 1997).
>Resistance to WR99210 is encoded by the T.gondii dhfr-ts region with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated.
>Resistance to WR99210 was encoded by the T.gondii dhfr-ts region with BamHI and KpnI and replaced with human dhfr mutated
-
>Northern blot analysis with mRNA from eight different human tissues demonstrated that the enzyme was expressed exclusively in brain, with two mRNA isoforms of 2.4 and 4.0 kb.
>Northern blot analysis with mRNA from eight different human tissues demonstrated that the enzyme is expressed exclusively in brain, with two mRNA isoforms of 2.4 and 4.0 kb.
>Northern blot analysis with mRNA from eight different human tissues demonstrated that the enzyme has been expressed exclusively in brain, with two mRNA isoforms of 2.4 and 4.0 kb.
>Northern blot analysis with mRNA from eight different human tissues demonstrated that the enzyme will be expressed exclusively in brain, with two mRNA isoforms of 2.4 and 4.0 kb.
>Northern blot analysis with mRNA from eight different human tissues demonstrated that the enzyme would be expressed exclusively in brain, with two mRNA isoforms of 2.4 and 4.0 kb.
-
>Northern blotting and reverse transcriptase-PCR assays with oligonucleotide probes and primers specific for each transcript demonstrated that the isoform identical to Ran/TC4 was expressed in both somatic tissues and testis, while the variant form was transcribed only in testis.
>Northern blotting and reverse transcriptase-PCR assays with oligonucleotide probes and primers specific for each transcript demonstrated that the isoform identical to Ran/TC4 is expressed in both somatic tissues and testis, while the variant form was transcribed only in testis.
>Northern blotting and reverse transcriptase-PCR assays with oligonucleotide probes and primers specific for each transcript demonstrated that the isoform identical to Ran/TC4 would be expressed in both somatic tissues and testis, while the variant form was transcribed only in testis.
>Northern blotting and reverse transcriptase-PCR assays with oligonucleotide probes and primers specific for each transcript demonstrated that the isoform identical to Ran/TC4 has been expressed in both somatic tissues and testis, while the variant form was transcribed only in testis.
-
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, are expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, were expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, which were expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, which is expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, have been expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
>Two equally abundant mRNAs for il8ra, 2.0 and 2.4 kilobases in length, would be expressed in neutrophils and arise from usage of two alternative polyadenylation signals.
-
>It has been assumed that this peptide exercises its mitogenic influences through the vasopressin V1a receptor, and we have previously demonstrated that this receptor is expressed by classical and variant SCCL.
>It has been assumed that this peptide exercises its mitogenic influences through the vasopressin V1a receptor, and we have previously demonstrated that this receptor was expressed by classical and variant SCCL.
>It has been assumed that this peptide exercises its mitogenic influences through the vasopressin V1a receptor, and we have previously demonstrated that this receptor being expressed by classical and variant SCCL.
>It has been assumed that this peptide exercises its mitogenic influences through the vasopressin V1a receptor, and we have previously demonstrated that this receptor has been expressed by classical and variant SCCL.
>It has been assumed that this peptide exercises its mitogenic influences through the vasopressin V1a receptor, and we have previously demonstrated that this receptor which has been expressed by classical and variant SCCL.
-
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA has been cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA was cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA has been cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA is cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA will be cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
>The human mitochondrial transcription termination factor (mTERF) cDNA would be cloned and expressed in vitro, and two alternative precursors of the protein have been imported into isolated mitochondria and processed to the mature protein.
-
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) has been isolated and expressed in vitro.
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) was isolated and expressed in vitro.
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) is isolated and expressed in vitro.
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) has been isolated and expressed in vitro.
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) will be isolated and expressed in vitro.
>A complementary DNA clone encoding the large subunit of the essential mammalian pre-messenger RNA splicing component U2 snRNP auxiliary factor(U2AF65) would be isolated and expressed in vitro.
-
>Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements, on the other hand, encode gag and pol in separate reading frames, and likely express Pol through +1 or -1 frameshifting.
>Pol was likely expressed through +1 or -1 frameshifting by Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements.
>Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements, on the other hand, encoded gag and pol in separate reading frames, and likely expressed Pol through +1 or -1 frameshifting.
>Pol is likely expressed through +1 or -1 frameshifting by Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements.
>Pol will belikely expressed through +1 or -1 frameshifting by Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements.
>Pol would be likely expressed through +1 or -1 frameshifting by Most animal Ty3/gypsy retroelements.
-
>The mechanotransduction mechanism for this signalling may directly or indirectly involve the dystrophin complex as dystrophic muscle, unlike normal muscle, is unable to express MGF in response to overload.
>The mechanotransduction mechanism for this signalling may directly or indirectly involve the dystrophin complex as dystrophic muscle, unlike normal muscle, was unable to express MGF in response to overload
>The mechanotransduction mechanism for this signalling may directly or indirectly involve the dystrophin complex as dystrophic muscle, unlike normal muscle, expressing MGF in response to overload.
>The mechanotransduction mechanism for this signalling may directly or indirectly involve the dystrophin complex as MGF is unable to be expressed in response to overload by dystrophic muscle.
>The mechanotransduction mechanism for this signalling may directly or indirectly involve the dystrophin complex as MGF was unable to be expressed in response to overload by dystrophic muscle.
-
>RCAS viruses infect only cells engineered to express ectopically the avian retroviral receptor, TVA.
>RCAS viruses infect only cells engineered for expressing ectopically the avian retroviral receptor, TVA.
>The avian retroviral receptor is expressed ectopically by cells engineered.
>The avian retroviral receptor was expressed ectopically by cells engineered.
-
>In summary, NNT-1/BSF-3 is expressed in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
>In summary, NNT-1/BSF-3 was expressed in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
>In summary, NNT-1/BSF-3 has been expressed in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
>In summary, NNT-1/BSF-3 will be expressed in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
>It expresses NNT-1/BSF-3 in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
>It expressed NNT-1/BSF-3 in pituitary folliculostellate TtT/GF cells cells and induced by PKC, PKA and ERK1/2 dependent mechanisms.
-
>In the cortex of adult animals, Reln is expressed primarily in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
>In the cortex of adult animals, Reln was expressed primarily in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
>Reln has been expressed primarily in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
>Reln will be expressed primarily in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
>It expresses primarily Reln in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
>It expressed primarily Reln in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic neurons and is secreted into perineuronal nets.
-
>T cells from double TCR transgenic mice express only one or the other of the two available TCRs at the cell surface.
>T cells from double TCR transgenic mice expressed only one or the other of the two available TCRs at the cell surface.
>One or the other of the two available TCRs are expressed only by T cells from double TCR transgenic mice at the cell surface.
>One or the other of the two available TCRs were expressed only by T cells from double TCR transgenic mice at the cell surface.
>T cells from double TCR transgenic mice which express only one or the other of the two available TCRs at the cell surface.
>T cells from double TCR transgenic mice which expressed only one or the other of the two available TCRs at the cell surface.
-
>This &quot;functional allelic exclusion&quot; is apparently due to control of the TCR assembly process because these T cells express RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins.
>This &quot;functional allelic exclusion&quot; is apparently due to control of the TCR assembly process because these T cells expressed RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins.
>This &quot;functional allelic exclusion&quot; is apparently due to control of the TCR assembly process because these T cells expressing RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins.
>RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins were expressed by T cells.
>RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins are expressed by T cells.
>RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins has been expressed by T cells.
>RNA and protein for all four transgenic TCR proteins will be expressed by T cells.
-
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts are produced, but only one is expressed at the cell surface.
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts were produced, but only one was expressed at the cell surface.
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts are produced, but only one has been expressed at the cell surface.
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts were produced, but only one will be expressed at the cell surface.
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts were produced, it expressed only one at the cell surface.
>In such cells, two in-frame α chain transcripts were produced, it expresses only one at the cell surface.
-
>T cells in mice carrying transgenes encoding TCR α and β proteins predominantly express the transgene-encoded TCR proteins at the cell surface.
>T cells in mice carrying transgenes encoding TCR α and β proteins predominantly expressed the transgene-encoded TCR proteins at the cell surface.
>The transgene-encoded TCR proteins were expressed predominantly by T cells in mice, at the cell surface.
>The transgene-encoded TCR proteins are expressed predominantly by T cells in mice, at the cell surface.
>The transgene-encoded TCR proteins will be expressed predominantly by T cells in mice, at the cell surface.
>The transgene-encoded TCR proteins have been expressed predominantly by T cells in mice, at the cell surface.
-
>Prnd generates major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb as well as some unusual chimeric transcripts generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>Prnd generates major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb.
>Prnd generated major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb.
>Major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 are generated by Prnd.
>Major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 were generated by Prnd.
>Prnd which generate major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb.
>Prnd which generated major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb.
-
>Prnd generates major transcripts of 1.7 and 2.7 kb as well as some unusual chimeric transcripts generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>some unusual chimeric transcripts generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>intergenic splicing with Prnp which generated some unusual chimeric transcripts.
>intergenic splicing with Prnp generate some unusual chimeric transcripts.
>some unusual chimeric transcripts are generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>some unusual chimeric transcripts were generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>some unusual chimeric transcripts have been generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
>some unusual chimeric transcripts will be generated by intergenic splicing with Prnp.
-
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region to generate mature HeLa cell mRNA.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region generates mature HeLa cell mRNA.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region generated mature HeLa cell mRNA.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and mature HeLa cell mRNA is generated by an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and mature HeLa cell mRNA was generated by an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and mature HeLa cell mRNA has been generated by an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region.
>A transcription start site is located approximately 4 kilobases 5’ to the translation codon, and mature HeLa cell mRNA will be generated by an RNA splice of 3863 bases occurs in the 5’-untranslated region.
-
>The TBC method was optimized to generate sequential overlapping fragments ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>The TBC method generates sequential overlapping fragments ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>The TBC method generated sequential overlapping fragments ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>Sequential overlapping fragments were generated by The TBC method ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>Sequential overlapping fragments are generated by The TBC method ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>The TBC method which generates sequential overlapping fragments ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
>The TBC method which generated sequential overlapping fragments ( approximately 0.4-0.5 kb ) for each of the gene sequences, and simultaneous and sequential combinations of overlapping fragments were tested for their ability to be assembled under an array of PCR conditions.
-
>The bidentate RNase III Dicer cleaves microRNA precursors to generate the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs.
>The bidentate RNase III Dicer generated the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs.
>The bidentate RNase III Dicer which generated the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs.
>The bidentate RNase III Dicer which generates the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs.
>The bidentate RNase III Dicer generates the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs.
>the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs are generated by The bidentate RNase III Dicer.
>the 21-23 nt long mature RNAs were generated by The bidentate RNase III Dicer.
-
>In the absence of L-arginine, nNOS has been shown to generate superoxide (O(2)-).
>In the absence of L-arginine, nNOS generates superoxide (O(2)-).
>In the absence of L-arginine, nNOS generated superoxide (O(2)-).
>In the absence of L-arginine, superoxide (O(2)-) is generated by nNOS.
>In the absence of L-arginine, superoxide (O(2)-) was generated by nNOS.
>In the absence of L-arginine, superoxide (O(2)-) has been generated by nNOS.
>In the absence of L-arginine, superoxide (O(2)-) will be generated by nNOS.
-
>Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules are generated by an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene and display specialized function in regulating the immune response.
>Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules were generated by an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene and display specialized function in regulating the immune response.
>Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules have been generated by an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene and display specialized function in regulating the immune response.
>Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules will be generated by an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene and display specialized function in regulating the immune response.
>an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene generated Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules.
>an alternative splicing of the primary transcript of the gene generates Human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G molecules.
-
>Abeta peptides are generated from proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins (APP) by beta- and gamma-secretases.
>Abeta peptides were generated from proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins (APP) by beta- and gamma-secretases.
>Abeta peptides have been generated from proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins (APP) by beta- and gamma-secretases.
>Abeta peptides will be generated from proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins (APP) by beta- and gamma-secretases.
>proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins generated Abeta peptides.
>proteolysis of the amyloid precursor proteins generate Abeta peptides.
-
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that degradation does not generate specific fragments or occurs rapidly precludes any definitive conclusions.
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that degradation did not generate specific fragments or occured rapidly precludes any definitive conclusions
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that specific fragments were not generated by degradation.
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that specific fragments are not generated by degradation.
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that specific fragments have not been generated by degradation.
>In addition, there was an apparent absence of lower molecular weight fragments as evidence of degradation, although again the relatively small fraction involved and the possibility that specific fragments will not be generated by degradation.
-
>The DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a was generated by mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>The DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a is generated by mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA.FLAG epitope is added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>The DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a have been generated by mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>The DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a will be generated by mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA.FLAG epitope is added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA generated the DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA generate the DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA which generated the DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
>mutating amino acids EE (437 and 438) to AA which generate the DNA-binding mutant (Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.FLAG epitope was added to the C-terminus of Stat5aEE-AA.
-
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues we generated a monoclonal antibody against FHL2.
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues we generate a monoclonal antibody against FHL2.
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues we that generated a monoclonal antibody against FHL2.
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues we that generate a monoclonal antibody against FHL2.
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues a monoclonal antibody against FHL2 is generated by us
>To analyse specifically protein expression of FHL2 in human tissues a monoclonal antibody against FHL2 was generated by us
-
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that L723 in H3 is either directly involved in the AR-FHL2 interaction or, alternatively, is essential for generating the correct three-dimensional interaction surface.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that L723 in H3 generates the correct three-dimensional interaction surface.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that L723 in H3 generated the correct three-dimensional interaction surface.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that the correct three-dimensional interaction surface are generated by L723 in H3.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that the correct three-dimensional interaction surface were generated by L723 in H3.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that the correct three-dimensional interaction surface will be generated by L723 in H3.
>Although no crystal structure of the AR is available to date, one might speculate that the correct three-dimensional interaction surface has been generated by L723 in H3
-
>In addition, the AR N-terminus is required to generate a functional interaction surface, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>In addition, the AR N-terminus generates a functional interaction surface, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>In addition, the AR N-terminus generated a functional interaction surface, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>a functional interaction surface is generated by the AR N-terminus, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>a functional interaction surface was generated by the AR N-terminus, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>In addition, the AR N-terminus that generates a functional interaction surface, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
>In addition, the AR N-terminus that generated a functional interaction surface, since its deletion abolishes FHL2 binding.
-
>This synthetic peptide bound to P and inhibited its binding to C3b.
>This synthetic peptide binds to P and inhibits its binding to C3b.
>This synthetic peptide bound to P which inhibited its binding to C3b.
>This synthetic peptide binds to P which inhibits its binding to C3b.
-
>PDE4C is one of four mammalian genes that encode multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms that are inhibited by rolipram.
>PDE4C is one of four mammalian genes that encode multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms that were inhibited by rolipram.
>rolipram inhibited multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms.
>rolipram inhibits multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms.
>rolipram which inhibited multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms.
>rolipram that inhibits multiple PDE4 cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoforms.
-
>Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets and inhibits platelet function.
>Nitric oxide (NO) activated the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets and inhibited platelet function.
>platelet function are inhibited by Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets.
>platelet function were inhibited by Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets.
>platelet function has been inhibited by Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets.
>platelet function will be inhibited by Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets.
>Nitric oxide (NO) activates the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets, that inhibits platelet function.
>Nitric oxide (NO) activated the soluble isoform of guanylate cyclase in platelets, that inhibited platelet function.
-
>Natural killer (NK) cells express cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies that recognize major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I peptides and inhibit NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity.
>Natural killer (NK) cells express cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies that recognized major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I peptides and inhibited NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity.
>NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity was inhibited by cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies.
>NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity is inhibited by cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies.
>NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity has been inhibited by cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies.
>NK-cell-mediated cytotoxicity will be inhibited by cell-surface receptors of the immunoglobulin and C-type lectin superfamilies.
-
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase was produced by he human PKI cDNA, and protein extracts from the transfected COS cells inhibited both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit with equal efficacy.
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase is produced by he human PKI cDNA, and protein extracts from the transfected COS cells inhibit both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit with equal efficacy.
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase is produced by he human PKI cDNA, both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit were inhibited by protein extracts from the transfected COS cells.
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase is produced by he human PKI cDNA, both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit are inhibited by protein extracts from the transfected COS cells.
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase is produced by he human PKI cDNA, both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit have been inhibited by protein extracts from the transfected COS cells.
>Transient overexpression in COS cells verified that a heat-stable inhibitor of protein kinase is produced by he human PKI cDNA, both the C alpha and C beta isoforms of the PKA catalytic subunit will be inhibited by protein extracts from the transfected COS cells.
-
>Here, we have found that the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6 is inhibited by the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin, while the downreglation of phosphorylated Stat1, Stat2 and Stat3 is not sensitive to these inhibitors.
>Here, we have found that the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6 was inhibited by the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin, while the downreglation of phosphorylated Stat1, Stat2 and Stat3 was not sensitive to these inhibitors.
>the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin inhibited the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6.
>the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin inhibits the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6.
>the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin which inhibited the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6.
>the proteasome inhibitors MG132 and lactacystin which inhibits the downregulation of phosphorylated Stat4, Stat5 and Stat6.
-
>For example, the phosphatase may associate with another protein and thereby be inhibited in its function or localization.
>For example, the phosphatase associates with another protein and is inhibited in its function or localization.
>For example, the phosphatase associated with another protein and was inhibited in its function or localization.
>its function or localization inhibited the phosphatase associating with another protein.
>its function or localization inhibits the phosphatase associating with another protein.
-
>The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins, specifically inhibits intermediate events leading to the formation of clathrin-coated pits.
>The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins, specifically inhibited intermediate events leading to the formation of clathrin-coated pits.
>intermediate events are inhibited by The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins.
>intermediate events were inhibited by The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins.
>intermediate events has been inhibited by The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins.
>intermediate events will be inhibited by The N-terminal SH3 domain (SH3A), unlike other SH3 domains from intersectin or various endocytic proteins.
-
>Intriguingly, while the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I (de Heuvel et al., 1997; Ringstad et al., 1997), amphiphysin II (Ramjaun et al., 1997) and syndaphin I (Qualmann et al., 1999), selectively inhibit late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation involving membrane fission, intersectin SH3A was unique in its ability to block earlier stages (Simpson et al., 1999).
>Intriguingly, while the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I (de Heuvel et al., 1997; Ringstad et al., 1997), amphiphysin II (Ramjaun et al., 1997) and syndaphin I (Qualmann et al., 1999), selectively inhibited late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation involving membrane fission, intersectin SH3A was unique in its ability to block earlier stages (Simpson et al., 1999).
>late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation were inhibited by the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I, amphiphysin II and syndaphin I.
>late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation are inhibited by the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I, amphiphysin II and syndaphin I.
>late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation has been inhibited by the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I, amphiphysin II and syndaphin I.
>late events of clathrin-coated vesicle formation will be inhibited by the SH3C and SH3E domains of intersectin, as well as the SH3 domains from the endocytic proteins endophilin I, amphiphysin II and syndaphin I.
-
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then treating them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol to inhibit protein synthesis.
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then treating them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol for inhibiting protein synthesis.
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then protein synthesis were inhibited by them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol.
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then protein synthesis are inhibited by them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol.
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then protein synthesis has been inhibited by them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol.
>The half-life of the AGT proteins was determined by growing cells at 37 C in LB broth supplemented with 50 mg/ml ampicillin, 50 mg/ml kanamycin and 0.2 mM IPTG until the A600 reached 0.3 and then protein synthesis will be inhibited by them with 50 mg/ml chloramphenicol.
-
>Binding was concentration dependent and saturable and was totally inhibited with 10mM EDTA, suggesting that divalent cations were required for interaction of IN1B with Vero cells.
>It inhibited Binding was concentration dependent and saturable and was totally inhibited with 10mM EDTA.
>It inhibites Binding was concentration dependent and saturable and was totally inhibited with 10mM EDTA..
>Binding is concentration dependent and saturable and is totally inhibited with 10mM EDTA, suggesting that divalent cations were required for interaction of IN1B with Vero cells.
-
>Tumours with breakpoints just 5&apos; to exon 1, or distant from c-myc, had normal c-myc mRNAs of 2.25 and 2.4 kb, which differ at their 5&apos; ends, while tumours with breakpoints within exon 1 or intron 1 had altered c-myc mRNAs (2.1-2.7 kb in Burkitt lines), initiated within intron 1.
>Tumours with breakpoints just 5&apos; to exon 1, or distant from c-myc, have normal c-myc mRNAs of 2.25 and 2.4 kb, which differ at their 5&apos; ends, while tumours with breakpoints within exon 1 or intron 1 alter c-myc mRNAs (2.1-2.7 kb in Burkitt lines), initiate within intron 1.
>Tumours with breakpoints just 5&apos; to exon 1, or distant from c-myc, have normal c-myc mRNAs of 2.25 and 2.4 kb, which differ at their 5&apos; ends, while tumours with breakpoints within exon 1 or intron 1 alter c-myc mRNAs (2.1-2.7 kb in Burkitt lines), initiating within intron 1.
>Tumours with breakpoints just 5&apos; to exon 1, or distant from c-myc, have normal c-myc mRNAs of 2.25 and 2.4 kb, which differ at their 5&apos; ends, while tumours with breakpoints within exon 1 or intron 1 alter c-myc mRNAs (2.1-2.7 kb in Burkitt lines), initiated within intron 1.
-
>Apparently HeLa cells either initiate transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides are removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
>Apparently HeLa cells either initiated transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides were removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
>Apparently HeLa cells either initiates transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides were removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
>Apparently HeLa cells either will initiate transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides were removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
>Apparently HeLa cells either which initiate transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides were removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
>Apparently HeLa cells either which initiated transcription at multiple sites within RPS14 exon 1, or capped 5&apos; oligonucleotides were removed from most S14 mRNAs posttranscription.
-
>I kappa B-epsilon translation initiates from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which exists as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
>I kappa B-epsilon translation initiated from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which existed as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
>I kappa B-epsilon translation that initiates from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which exists as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
>I kappa B-epsilon translation that initiated from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which existed as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
>I kappa B-epsilon translation which initiates from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which exists as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
>I kappa B-epsilon translation which initiated from an internal ATG codon to give rise to a protein of 45 kDa, which existed as multiple phosphorylated isoforms in resting cells.
-
>Platelet agonists initiate aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
>Platelet agonists initiated aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
>Platelet agonists which initiate aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
>Platelet agonists which initiated aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
>Platelet agonists that initiate aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
>Platelet agonists that initiated aggregation and secretion by activating receptors coupled to the G-protein G(q), thereby raising cytosolic Ca(2+), [Ca(2+)](i).
-
>This has led to the prevailing interpretation that genetic changes, in addition to those present in the most advanced clone of the primary tumor, are required to initiate invasion, dissemination, and growth at anatomically distant sites.
>This has led to the prevailing interpretation that genetic changes, in addition to those present in the most advanced clone of the primary tumor, are required for initiating invasion, dissemination, and growth at anatomically distant sites.
-
>Ligand binding induces cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, which initiate transcriptional regulation.
>Ligand binding induced cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, which initiated transcriptional regulation.
>Ligand binding induces cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, initiate transcriptional regulation.
>Ligand binding induced cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, initiated transcriptional regulation.
>Ligand binding induces cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, that initiate transcriptional regulation.
>Ligand binding induced cell surface receptor complex formation and activates a cascade of phosphorylation events of intracellular intermediaries termed Smads, that initiated transcriptional regulation.
-
>Since RTKs initiate signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
>Since RTKs initiated signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
>Since RTKs which initiate signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
>Since RTKs that initiated signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
>Since RTKs that initiate signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
>Since RTKs which initiated signaling by recruiting downstream components to the activated receptor, proteins that are immediately downstreamof an activated RTK can be identified by first identifying sequences in the RTK that are necessary to activate downstream signaling (Schlessinger and Ullrich, 1992; Pawson, 1995).
-
>Sxl is a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription is initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
>Sxl was a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription was initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
>Sxl is a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription has been initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
>Sxl was a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription will be initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
>Sxl is a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription which is initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
>Sxl was a key regulator of sex determination and dosage compensation, whose transcription which was initiated only in female blastoderm embryos.
-
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands, initates signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiates downstream intracellular signaling.
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands, initated signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiated downstream intracellular signaling.
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands, which initates signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiates downstream intracellular signaling.
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands,which initated signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiated downstream intracellular signaling.
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands, that initates signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiates downstream intracellular signaling.
>SCF, like the other dimeric ligands, that initated signal transduction by direct dimerization of its receptor, Kit,and the two juxtaposed receptors undergo tyrosine autophosphorylation (Heldin, 1995; Broudy, 1997), which initiated downstream intracellular signaling.
-
>Our data present a novel apical sorting pathway by which MV envelope glycoproteins are chaperoned by the M protein to initiate virus release at that surface.
>Our data present a novel apical sorting pathway by which MV envelope glycoproteins are chaperoned by the M protein for initiating virus release at that surface.
>Our data present a novel apical sorting pathway by which MV envelope glycoproteins are chaperoned by the M protein initiating virus release at that surface.
>Our data present a novel apical sorting pathway by which MV envelope glycoproteins are chaperoned by the M protein which initiate virus release at that surface.
>Our data present a novel apical sorting pathway by which MV envelope glycoproteins are chaperoned by the M protein which initiated virus release at that surface.
-
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivates the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and leads to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivated the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and led to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivated the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and has led to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivated the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and will lead to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivates the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and that leads to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
>In this homologous part of the genes, GPB lacks one exon due to a point mutation at the 5&apos; splicing site of the third intron, which inactivated the 5&apos; cleavage event of splicing and which led to ligation of the second to the fourth exon.
-
>We also studied in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, which was shown to lead to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
>We also studied in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, which was found to lead to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
>We also studied in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, which led to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
>We also study in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, which lead to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
>We also studied in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, led to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
>We also study in detail a complex splice site mutation, 3332dupl8bp, lead to an abnormal JAG1 mRNA, resulting in a premature stop codon.
-
>This patient&apos;s DNA contains a C----A transversion in the splice acceptor sequence of the last intron of the only ERCC-3 allele that is detectably expressed, leading to a 4 bp insertion in the mRNA and an inactivating frameshift in the C-terminus of the protein.
>This patient&apos;s DNA contains a C----A transversion in the splice acceptor sequence of the last intron of the only ERCC-3 allele leads to a 4 bp insertion in the mRNA and an inactivates frameshift in the C-terminus of the protein.
>This patient&apos;s DNA contains a C----A transversion in the splice acceptor sequence of the last intron of the only ERCC-3 allele led to a 4 bp insertion in the mRNA and an inactivated frameshift in the C-terminus of the protein.
>This patient&apos;s DNA contains a C----A transversion in the splice acceptor sequence of the last intron of the only ERCC-3 allele which leads to a 4 bp insertion in the mRNA and an inactivates frameshift in the C-terminus of the protein.
>This patient&apos;s DNA contains a C----A transversion in the splice acceptor sequence of the last intron of the only ERCC-3 allele which led to a 4 bp insertion in the mRNA and an inactivated frameshift in the C-terminus of the protein.
-
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14 leads to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14 led to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14, which leads to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14, which led to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14, that leads to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
>G979A affects a splice consensus site at the end of exon 8, and G1488T in exon 14, has led to a replacement of a positive charge in a highly conserved putative transmembrane domain (R496S).
-
>By direct sequencing of aberrant SSCA conformers were revealed 15 different mutations in a total of 18 unrelated families and 13 single patients. Of these, 10 were novel (7 missense mutations, 2 mutations leading to frameshift, and 1 mutation predicted to affect normal splicing).
>By direct sequencing of aberrant SSCA conformers were revealed 15 different mutations in a total of 18 unrelated families and 13 single patients. Of these, 10 were novel (7 missense mutations, 2 mutations which lead to frameshift, and 1 mutation predicted to affect normal splicing).
>By direct sequencing of aberrant SSCA conformers were revealed 15 different mutations in a total of 18 unrelated families and 13 single patients. Of these, 10 were novel (7 missense mutations, 2 mutations which led to frameshift, and 1 mutation predicted to affect normal splicing).
>By direct sequencing of aberrant SSCA conformers were revealed 15 different mutations in a total of 18 unrelated families and 13 single patients. Of these, 10 were novel (7 missense mutations, 2 mutations that lead to frameshift, and 1 mutation predicted to affect normal splicing).
>By direct sequencing of aberrant SSCA conformers were revealed 15 different mutations in a total of 18 unrelated families and 13 single patients. Of these, 10 were novel (7 missense mutations, 2 mutations that led to frameshift, and 1 mutation predicted to affect normal splicing).
-
>Disruption of the SNU246 gene in yeast is lethal and leads to a splicing defect in vivo, indicating that the protein is essential for splicing.
>Disruption of the SNU246 gene in yeast was lethal and led to a splicing defect in vivo, indicating that the protein is essential for splicing.
>Disruption of the SNU246 gene in yeast is lethal and which leads to a splicing defect in vivo, indicating that the protein is essential for splicing.
>Disruption of the SNU246 gene in yeast was lethal and which led to a splicing defect in vivo, indicating that the protein is essential for splicing.
>Disruption of the SNU246 gene in yeast was lethal and leading to a splicing defect in vivo, indicating that the protein is essential for splicing.
-
>The mutations identified include: two frameshifts and a splice site mutation leading to truncated OA1 proteins; a deletion of a threonine codon at position 290; and four missense mutations, two of which involve amino acids located within putative transmembrane domains.
>The mutations identified include: two frameshifts and a splice site mutation which lead to truncated OA1 proteins; a deletion of a threonine codon at position 290; and four missense mutations, two of which involve amino acids located within putative transmembrane domains.
>The mutations identified include: two frameshifts and a splice site mutation which led to truncated OA1 proteins; a deletion of a threonine codon at position 290; and four missense mutations, two of which involve amino acids located within putative transmembrane domains.
>The mutations identified include: two frameshifts and a splice site mutation that lead to truncated OA1 proteins; a deletion of a threonine codon at position 290; and four missense mutations, two of which involve amino acids located within putative transmembrane domains.
>The mutations identified include: two frameshifts and a splice site mutation have led to truncated OA1 proteins; a deletion of a threonine codon at position 290; and four missense mutations, two of which involve amino acids located within putative transmembrane domains.
-
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, which leads to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, which led to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, that leads to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, that led to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, leading to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
>This was caused by a point mutation (GTC----ATC) at codon 383, has led to the conservative substitution of isoleucine for valine in the putative fifth extracellular loop of the transporter.
-
>Genetic deficiency of GM2 activator leads to a neurological disorder, an atypical form of Tay-Sachs disease (GM2 gangliosidosis variant AB).
>Genetic deficiency of GM2 activator led to a neurological disorder, an atypical form of Tay-Sachs disease (GM2 gangliosidosis variant AB).
>Genetic deficiency of GM2 activator which leads to a neurological disorder, an atypical form of Tay-Sachs disease (GM2 gangliosidosis variant AB).
>Genetic deficiency of GM2 activator leading to a neurological disorder, an atypical form of Tay-Sachs disease (GM2 gangliosidosis variant AB).
>Genetic deficiency of GM2 activator has led to a neurological disorder, an atypical form of Tay-Sachs disease (GM2 gangliosidosis variant AB).
-
>These results suggest that the distinct amino termini lead to the targeting of individual VDAC isoforms to different cellular compartments.
>These results suggest that the distinct amino termini led to the targeting of individual VDAC isoforms to different cellular compartments.
>These results suggest that the distinct amino termini leading to the targeting of individual VDAC isoforms to different cellular compartments.
>These results suggest that the distinct amino termini  has led to the targeting of individual VDAC isoforms to different cellular compartments.
>These results suggest that the distinct amino termini  which led to the targeting of individual VDAC isoforms to different cellular compartments.
-
>This splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 might lead to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 and bring about unstable and abnormal ALD protein; the lignoceryl CoA ligase could not transport very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA) into peroxisome and could not function normally; consequently, defective beta-oxidation of VLCFA in peroxisome could result in an accumulation of VLCFAS in the central nervous system, adrenal gland and blood.
>This splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 might led to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 and brought about unstable and abnormal ALD protein; the lignoceryl CoA ligase could not transport very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA) into peroxisome and could not function normally; consequently, defective beta-oxidation of VLCFA in peroxisome could result in an accumulation of VLCFAS in the central nervous system, adrenal gland and blood.
>This splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 might leading to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 and bring about unstable and abnormal ALD protein; the lignoceryl CoA ligase could not transport very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA) into peroxisome and could not function normally; consequently, defective beta-oxidation of VLCFA in peroxisome could result in an accumulation of VLCFAS in the central nervous system, adrenal gland and blood.
>This splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 might has led to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 and brought about unstable and abnormal ALD protein; the lignoceryl CoA ligase could not transport very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA) into peroxisome and could not function normally; consequently, defective beta-oxidation of VLCFA in peroxisome could result in an accumulation of VLCFAS in the central nervous system, adrenal gland and blood.
-
>The splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 leading to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 appears to be one of the causes of X-linked recessive adrenoleukodystrophy.
>The splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 leads to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 appears to be one of the causes of X-linked recessive adrenoleukodystrophy.
>The splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 led to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 appears to be one of the causes of X-linked recessive adrenoleukodystrophy.
>The splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 which leads to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 appears to be one of the causes of X-linked recessive adrenoleukodystrophy.
>The splice mutation in 5’ end of intron 5 has led to abnormal splice in exon 5 and exon 6 appears to be one of the causes of X-linked recessive adrenoleukodystrophy.
-
>This leads to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
>This led to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
>This that leads to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
>This which led to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
>This leading to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
>This has led to a substantial diversity of nebulin and nebulette isoforms.
-
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, leads to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, led to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, leading to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, has led to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, which leads to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
>In mice, inactivation of the MEF2C gene, which is the first MEF2 isoform expressed during embryonic development, which led to cardiac morphogenetic defects, vascular abnormalities and lethality by embryonic day 9.5 (Lin et al., 1997, 1998; Bi et al., 1999).
-
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D leads to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D led to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D which leads to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D which led to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D leading to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
>Cotransfection of GATA-4 with MEF2A, MEF2C or MEF2D has led to a synergistic 40-to 50-fold activation of the ANF promoter (Figure 3A).
-
>This, in turn, leads to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
>This, in turn, led to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
>This, in turn, which leads to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
>This, in turn, which led to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
>This, in turn, leading to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
>This, in turn, has led to synergistic activation of the ANF and other MEF2 target promoters independently of the DNA-binding activity of MEF2.
-
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, which led to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, which leads to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, has led to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, leading to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, led to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
>This G:C base pair is also the strongest determinant in the sequence selection experiment, leads to the identification of the BRE (Lagrange et al., 1998).
-
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site leads to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site led to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site which leads to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site which led to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site leading to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
>These data suggest that phosphorylation of the MuSK NPXY site has led to recruitment of a phosphotyrosine-binding domain-containing protein that functions to stimulate phosphorylation and clustering of AchRs.
-
>A new transthyretin variant which lost an Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized.
>A new transthyretin variant which loses an Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized.
>Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized is lost by A new transthyretin variant.
>Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized was lost by A new transthyretin variant.
>A new transthyretin variant has lost an Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized.
>A new transthyretin variant losing an Sph I cleavage site within exon 3 has been characterized.
-
>The mice did not lose weight during the treatment.
>The mice do not lose weight during the treatment.
>The mice which did not lose weight during the treatment.
>The mice which do not lose weight during the treatment.
>The mice that did not lose weight during the treatment.
>The mice that do not lose weight during the treatment.
-
>To this end, we made aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice, which lose all Purkinje cells postnatally, and +/+ control mice.
>To this end, we made aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice, which lost all Purkinje cells postnatally, and +/+ control mice.
>To this end, we made aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice, losing all Purkinje cells postnatally, and +/+ control mice.
>To this end, we made aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice, has lost all Purkinje cells postnatally, and +/+ control mice.
>all Paurkinje cells postnatally are lost by aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice.
>all Purkinje cells postnatally were lost by aggregation chimeras between Lc/+ mice.
-
>This study investigated whether informing obese individuals that they would lose only modest amounts of weight would lead them to adopt more realistic weight loss expectations.
>This study investigated whether informing obese individuals that they will lose only modest amounts of weight would lead them to adopt more realistic weight loss expectations.
>This study investigated whether informing obese individuals that they lost only modest amounts of weight would lead them to adopt more realistic weight loss expectations.
>This study investigated whether informing obese individuals that they lose only modest amounts of weight would lead them to adopt more realistic weight loss expectations.
>This study investigated whether informing obese individuals that they has lose only modest amounts of weight would lead them to adopt more realistic weight loss expectations.
-
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them continuing to lose weight.
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them continuing losing weight.
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them lose weight.
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them lost weight.
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them will lose weight.
>No severe complications have been reported, and after the BIB removal, subjects are maintaining the obtained results with some of them has lost weight.
-
>Stat3 is activated in v-Src or v-abl-transformed cells and, along other Stats, in acute T-cell leukemia cells that have lost IL-2 dependency (Migone et al., 1995; Yu et al., 1995).
>Stat3 is activated in v-Src or v-abl-transformed cells and, along other Stats, in acute T-cell leukemia cells that lost IL-2 dependency (Migone et al., 1995; Yu et al., 1995).
>Stat3 is activated in v-Src or v-abl-transformed cells and, along other Stats, in acute T-cell leukemia cells that lose IL-2 dependency (Migone et al., 1995; Yu et al., 1995).
>Stat3 is activated in v-Src or v-abl-transformed cells and, along other Stats, in acute T-cell leukemia cells that will lose IL-2 dependency (Migone et al., 1995; Yu et al., 1995).
>Stat3 is activated in v-Src or v-abl-transformed cells and, along other Stats, in acute T-cell leukemia cells losing IL-2 dependency (Migone et al., 1995; Yu et al., 1995).
-
>These interactions would be lost with a separation of DNA-binding sites of }3 bp, as can occur for natural SRE sequences, while a smaller spacing would inhibit the simultaneous binding of both proteins.
>These interactions were lost with a separation of DNA-binding sites of }3 bp, as can occur for natural SRE sequences, while a smaller spacing inhibited the simultaneous binding of both proteins.
>These interactions are lost with a separation of DNA-binding sites of }3 bp, as can occur for natural SRE sequences, while a smaller spacing inhibits the simultaneous binding of both proteins.
>These interactions have ben lost with a separation of DNA-binding sites of }3 bp, as can occur for natural SRE sequences, while a smaller spacing would inhibit the simultaneous binding of both proteins.
>These interactions which are lost with a separation of DNA-binding sites of }3 bp, as can occur for natural SRE sequences, while a smaller spacing inhibited the simultaneous binding of both proteins.
-
>It was reported that GPI anchoring ability was lost when the microsomal membranes of Trypanosoma brucei were washed at high pH (Sharma et al., 2000), whereas similar treatment of the mammalian microsomal membranes had no effect (Vidugiriene and Menon, 1995)
>It was reported that GPI anchoring ability has been lost when the microsomal membranes of Trypanosoma brucei were washed at high pH (Sharma et al., 2000), whereas similar treatment of the mammalian microsomal membranes had no effect (Vidugiriene and Menon, 1995)
>It was reported that GPI anchoring ability is lost when the microsomal membranes of Trypanosoma brucei were washed at high pH (Sharma et al., 2000), whereas similar treatment of the mammalian microsomal membranes have no effect (Vidugiriene and Menon, 1995)
>It was reported that GPI anchoring ability will be lost when the microsomal membranes of Trypanosoma brucei were washed at high pH (Sharma et al., 2000), whereas similar treatment of the mammalian microsomal membranes had no effect (Vidugiriene and Menon, 1995)
>It was reported that GPI anchoring ability would be lost when the microsomal membranes of Trypanosoma brucei were washed at high pH (Sharma et al., 2000), whereas similar treatment of the mammalian microsomal membranes have no effect (Vidugiriene and Menon, 1995)
-
>No known plastid has completely lost its prokaryote-type organelle genome, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
>No known plastid completely lost its prokaryote-type organelle genome, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
>No known plastid completely loses its prokaryote-type organelle genome, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
>No known plastid completely which lost its prokaryote-type organelle genome, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
>No known plastid completely which loses its prokaryote-type organelle genome, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
>its prokaryote-type organelle genome is lost completely by no known plastid, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).

>its prokaryote-type organelle genome was lost completely by no known plastid, but all show considerablegenome reduction and dependency on the nucleus to fulfill plastid functions (Martin and Hrrmann, 1998).
-
>Previous studies have emphasized the high sensitivity of the N-terminal region to proteolytic cleavage, leading to truncated species that have lost the first 20&#8211; 70 residues but that retain enzymatic activity and dimeric structure.
>Previous studies have emphasized the high sensitivity of the N-terminal region to proteolytic cleavage, leading to truncated species that lost the first 20&#8211; 70 residues but that retain enzymatic activity and dimeric structure.
>Previous studies have emphasized the high sensitivity of the N-terminal region to proteolytic cleavage, leading to truncated species that lose the first 20&#8211; 70 residues but that retain enzymatic activity and dimeric structure.
>Previous studies have emphasized the high sensitivity of the N-terminal region to proteolytic cleavage, leading to truncated species that will lost the first 20&#8211; 70 residues but that retain enzymatic activity and dimeric structure.
>Previous studies have emphasized the high sensitivity of the N-terminal region to proteolytic cleavage, leading to truncated species losing the first 20&#8211; 70 residues but that retain enzymatic activity and dimeric structure.
-
>The C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1 loses the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex, resulting in and inhibition of MHV RNA transcription and replication.
>The C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1 lost the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex, resulting in and inhibition of MHV RNA transcription and replication.
>The C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1 which loses the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex, resulting in and inhibition of MHV RNA transcription and replication.
>The C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1 which lost the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex, resulting in and inhibition of MHV RNA transcription and replication.
>the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex are lost by the C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1.
>the ability to interact with the X protein and to bring it into the initiation complex were lost by the C-terminal-deletion mutant of hnRNP A1.
-
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes are modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, it modified HVDAC genes so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, it modifies HVDAC genes so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes will be modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
-
>We have used the ability to modify P.falciparum genetically by transfection (Crabb and Cowman, 1996; Crabb et al., 1997a) to disrupt the RAP1 gene.
>We modified P.falciparum genetically by transfection (Crabb and Cowman, 1996; Crabb et al., 1997a) to disrupt the RAP1 gene.
>We modify P.falciparum genetically by transfection (Crabb and Cowman, 1996; Crabb et al., 1997a) to disrupt the RAP1 gene.
>We have modified P.falciparum genetically by transfection (Crabb and Cowman, 1996; Crabb et al., 1997a) to disrupt the RAP1 gene.
>We will modify P.falciparum genetically by transfection (Crabb and Cowman, 1996; Crabb et al., 1997a) to disrupt the RAP1 gene.
-
>Taken together these data suggest tha the SH3 acts to position the U5 region through its own association with the GUK domain and that factors that can modify the binding of either U5 or SH3 to the GUK domain may regulate GKAP binding to the GUK domain.
>Taken together these data suggest tha the SH3 acts to position the U5 region through its own association with the GUK domain and that factors which can modifiy the binding of either U5 or SH3 to the GUK domain may regulate GKAP binding to the GUK domain.
>Taken together these data suggest tha the SH3 acts to position the U5 region through its own association with the GUK domain and that the binding of either U5 or SH3 can be modified by that factors to the GUK domain.
-
>The exon 5 mutated allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
>The exon 5 mutates allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
>The exon 5 which mutated allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
>The exon 5 which mutates allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
>The exon 5 has mutated allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
>The exon 5 mutating allele with the premature translation termination resulted in severe deficiency of Hex A.
-
>The gene mutated in variant late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN6) and in nclf mutant mice encodes a novel predicted transmembrane protein.
>The gene which is mutated in variant late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN6) and in nclf mutant mice encodes a novel predicted transmembrane protein.
>The gene which was mutated in variant late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN6) and in nclf mutant mice encodes a novel predicted transmembrane protein.
>The gene which has been mutated in variant late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN6) and in nclf mutant mice encodes a novel predicted transmembrane protein.
>The gene that will be mutated in variant late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN6) and in nclf mutant mice encodes a novel predicted transmembrane protein.
-
>Transient expression of the exon 8 mutated alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
>Transient expression of the exon 8 mutates alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
>Alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells are mutated by transient expression of the exon 8 resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
>Alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells were mutated by transient expression of the exon 8 resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
>Transient expression of the exon 8 which mutated alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
>Transient expression of the exon 8 that mutates alpha-chain cDNA in COS-1 cells resulted in deficiency of enzymatic activity.
-
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we sought to identify and mutate the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we identified and mutated the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we identify and mutate the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we found to identify and mutate the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we have identified and mutated the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
>To determine how activators interact with the complex and to examine the importance of these interactions, relative to other potential targeting mechanisms, for SWI/SNF function, we will identify and mutate the activator-interaction domains in the complex.
-
>RCA is comprised of two major steps: (i) identifying pairs of residue positions that mutate in a coordinated manner, and (ii) using these results to identify protein regions that interact with an uncommonly high number of other residues.
>RCA is comprised of two major steps: (i) identifying pairs of residue positions that mutated in a coordinated manner, and (ii) using these results to identify protein regions that interact with an uncommonly high number of other residues.
>RCA is comprised of two major steps: (i) identifying pairs of residue positions which mutate in a coordinated manner, and (ii) using these results to identify protein regions that interact with an uncommonly high number of other residues.
>RCA is comprised of two major steps: (i) identifying pairs of residue positions has mutated in a coordinated manner, and (ii) using these results to identify protein regions that interact with an uncommonly high number of other residues.
>RCA is comprised of two major steps: (i) identifying pairs of residue positions mutating in a coordinated manner, and (ii) using these results to identify protein regions that interact with an uncommonly high number of other residues.
-
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids that commonly mutate (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids that commonly mutated (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids commonly mutating (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids that commonly has mutated (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids commonly mutate (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
>This epitope, which is HLA-A2 restricted, includes two amino acids commonly mutated (V82A and I84V) in the face of protease inhibitor therapy.
-
>Groucho binding was, however, abolished by mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>Mutating a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid abolished groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
>To mutate a conserved phenylalanine of the eh1/GEH sequence to glutamic acid abolished groucho binding (Jimnez et al., 1999).
-
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites could be mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites are mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites were mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites will be mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites have been mutated without loss of activity.
>Phosphorylation of PDK1 was not altered by treating the cells with insulin-like growth factor-I and four of the sites which were mutated without loss of activity.
-
>The DNA-binding mutant(Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a was generated by mutating amino acids EE(437 and 438) to AA.
>Mutating amino acids EE(437 and 438) to AA generated the DNA-binding mutant(Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.
>For mutating amino acids EE(437 and 438) to AA generated the DNA-binding mutant(Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.
>To mutatate amino acids EE(437 and 438) to AA generated the DNA-binding mutant(Stat5aEE-AA) of Stat5a.
-
>The template fragments were mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments are mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments have been mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments will be mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments which were mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments that are mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
>The template fragments which have been mutated by the sequence of SAP97 RAT, accession No.Q62696) using the program Swiss PDB Viewer (Guex and Peitsch, 1997).
-
>In contrast, mutating the C-terminal MAP kinase sites (T235 and T239) essentially abolished the EGF-stimulated increase in phosphorylation and prevented the EGF-induced mobility shift (Figure 5C, lanes 7 and 8).
>In contrast, for mutating the C-terminal MAP kinase sites (T235 and T239) essentially abolished the EGF-stimulated increase in phosphorylation and prevented the EGF-induced mobility shift (Figure 5C, lanes 7 and 8).
>For example, for mutating the C-terminal MAP kinase sites (T235 and T239) essentially abolished the EGF-stimulated increase in phosphorylation and prevented the EGF-induced mobility shift (Figure 5C, lanes 7 and 8).
>Our reseach shown that, mutating the C-terminal MAP kinase sites (T235 and T239) essentially abolished the EGF-stimulated increase in phosphorylation and prevented the EGF-induced mobility shift (Figure 5C, lanes 7 and 8).
-
>Cancer cells are characterized by either an increased ability to proliferate or a diminished capacity to undergo programmed cell death.
>Cancer cells are characterized by either an increased ability for proliferating or a diminished capacity to undergo programmed cell death.
>Cancer cells was characterized by either an increased ability to proliferate or a diminished capacity to undergo programmed cell death.
>Cancer cells wil be characterized by either an increased ability for proliferating or a diminished capacity to undergo programmed cell death.
>Cancer cells has been characterized by either an increased ability to proliferate or a diminished capacity to undergo programmed cell death.
-
>These results show that intrasplenically transplanted fetal liver cells proliferate and differentiate into mature cells displaying a GST expression pattern with respective enzyme activities similar to adult liver.
>These results show that intrasplenically transplanted fetal liver cells proliferated and differentiated into mature cells displaying a GST expression pattern with respective enzyme activities similar to adult liver.
>These results show that intrasplenically transplanted fetal liver cells will proliferate and differentiate into mature cells displaying a GST expression pattern with respective enzyme activities similar to adult liver.
>These results show that intrasplenically transplanted fetal liver cells have proliferated and differentiated into mature cells displaying a GST expression pattern with respective enzyme activities similar to adult liver.
-
>Our observations illustrate that the human placenta is endowed with the biochemical machinery to proliferate indefinitely throughout gestation, yet, there are intrinsic mechanisms that effectively circumscribe the extent and duration of trophoblast proliferation.
>Our observations illustrate that the human placenta is endowed with the biochemical machinery to proliferate indefinitely throughout gestation, yet, there are intrinsic mechanisms that effectively circumscribe the extent and duration of trophoblast proliferation.
>Our observations illustrate that the human placenta is endowed with the biochemical machinery proliferating indefinitely throughout gestation, yet, there are intrinsic mechanisms that effectively circumscribe the extent and duration of trophoblast proliferation.
>Our observations illustrate that the human placenta was endowed with the biochemical machinery for proliferating indefinitely throughout gestation, yet, there are intrinsic mechanisms that effectively circumscribe the extent and duration of trophoblast proliferation.
>Our observations illustrate that the human placenta has been endowed with the biochemical machinery to proliferate indefinitely throughout gestation, yet, there are intrinsic mechanisms that effectively circumscribe the extent and duration of trophoblast proliferation.
-
>After androgen withdrawal and antiandrogen treatment, the androgen responsive prostate cancer cells cease to proliferate and undergo apoptosis, causing tumor regression.
>After androgen withdrawal and antiandrogen treatment, the androgen responsive prostate cancer cells cease proliferating and undergo apoptosis, causing tumor regression.
>After androgen withdrawal and antiandrogen treatment, the androgen responsive prostated cancer cells cease to proliferate and undergo apoptosis, causing tumor regression.
-
>Stat5ab-/-peripheral T cells regain the ability to proliferate upon introduction of full-length wild-type Stat5a (Figure 6B).
>Stat5ab-/-peripheral T cells regained the ability to proliferate upon introduction of full-length wild-type Stat5a (Figure 6B).
>Stat5ab-/-peripheral T cells were regained the ability to proliferate upon introduction of full-length wild-type Stat5a (Figure 6B).
>Stat5ab-/-peripheral T cells will regain the ability to proliferate upon introduction of full-length wild-type Stat5a (Figure 6B).
>Stat5ab-/-peripheral T cells has been regained the ability to proliferate upon introduction of full-length wild-type Stat5a (Figure 6B).
-
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, proliferate strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, proliferated strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, will proliferate strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, has proliferated strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, that proliferate strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, that proliferated strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
>Adult naive T cells, which are at rest in normal conditions, that will proliferate strongly when transferred to lymphopenic hosts.
-
>HSC continued to proliferate in the bone marrow and spleen through 8 days of G-CSF treatment, but HSC released into the blood tended to be in G0/G1 phase.
>HSC was continued to proliferate in the bone marrow and spleen through 8 days of G-CSF treatment, but HSC released into the blood tended to be in G0/G1 phase.
>HSC has been continued to proliferate in the bone marrow and spleen through 8 days of G-CSF treatment, but HSC released into the blood tended to be in G0/G1 phase.
>HSC will continue to proliferate in the bone marrow and spleen through 8 days of G-CSF treatment, but HSC released into the blood tended to be in G0/G1 phase.
-
>The ability of EBD cells to proliferate in vivo was examined by injection of 3 ? 106 LVEC cells into the calf muscle of 3 immunocompromised mice.
>The ability of EBD cells that have to proliferate in vivo was examined by injection of 3 ? 106 LVEC cells into the calf muscle of 3 immunocompromised mice.
>The ability of EBD cells that make to proliferate in vivo was examined by injection of 3 ? 106 LVEC cells into the calf muscle of 3 immunocompromised mice.
>The ability of EBD cells that is able to proliferate in vivo was examined by injection of 3 ? 106 LVEC cells into the calf muscle of 3 immunocompromised mice.
-
>Further, HIV-specific CD4+ T cells of viremic patients could be induced to proliferate in response to HIV antigens when costimulation was provided by anti-CD28 antibody in vitro.
>Further, HIV-specific CD4+ T cells of viremic patients could be found to proliferate in response to HIV antigens when costimulation was provided by anti-CD28 antibody in vitro.
>Further, HIV-specific CD4+ T cells of viremic patients could be shown to proliferate in response to HIV antigens when costimulation was provided by anti-CD28 antibody in vitro.
>Further, HIV-specific CD4+ T cells of viremic patients could be proven to proliferate in response to HIV antigens when costimulation was provided by anti-CD28 antibody in vitro.
-
>Treatment of endothelial cells of different origin with the ganglioside biosynthesis inhibitors fumonisin B1, D-threo-1-phenyl-2-decanoylamino-3-morpholino-1-propanol or D-1-threo-1-phenyl-2-hexa-decanoylamino-3-pyrrolidino-1-propanol-HCl, impairs their capacity to proliferate when exposed to FGF2.
>Treatment of endothelial cells of different origin with the ganglioside biosynthesis inhibitors fumonisin B1, D-threo-1-phenyl-2-decanoylamino-3-morpholino-1-propanol or D-1-threo-1-phenyl-2-hexa-decanoylamino-3-pyrrolidino-1-propanol-HCl, impaired their capacity to proliferate when exposed to FGF2.
>Treatment of endothelial cells of different origin with the ganglioside biosynthesis inhibitors fumonisin B1, D-threo-1-phenyl-2-decanoylamino-3-morpholino-1-propanol or D-1-threo-1-phenyl-2-hexa-decanoylamino-3-pyrrolidino-1-propanol-HCl, will impaird their capacity to proliferate when exposed to FGF2.
-
>As a result of alternate splicing and subsequent frameshift, the reported g16 protein is 603 amino acids shorter than the NY-LU-12 product (1123 residues) at its COOH terminus and would therefore lack the epitopes recognized by the autologous serum.
>As a result of alternate splicing and subsequent frameshift, the reported g16 protein is 603 amino acids shorter than the NY-LU-12 product (1123 residues) at its COOH terminus and would therefore lack the epitopes which are recognized by the autologous serum.
>As a result of alternate splicing and subsequent frameshift, the reported g16 protein is 603 amino acids shorter than the NY-LU-12 product (1123 residues) at its COOH terminus and would therefore lack the epitopes which were recognized by the autologous serum.
>As a result of alternate splicing and subsequent frameshift, the reported g16 protein is 603 amino acids shorter than the NY-LU-12 product (1123 residues) at its COOH terminus and would therefore the autologous serum recognized the epitopes.
>As a result of alternate splicing and subsequent frameshift, the reported g16 protein is 603 amino acids shorter than the NY-LU-12 product (1123 residues) at its COOH terminus and would therefore the autologous serum recognizes the epitopes.
-
>These mutations, identified by standard methods of reverse transcription, PCR,dideoxy-chain termination, and cycle sequencing, alter highly conserved sequences at intron/exon boundaries and prevent the RNA-splicing apparatus from properly recognizing the normal splice junction.
>These mutations, identified by standard methods of reverse transcription, PCR,dideoxy-chain termination, and cycle sequencing, alter highly conserved sequences at intron/exon boundaries and prevent the RNA-splicing apparatus from properly which recognized the normal splice junction.
>These mutations, identified by standard methods of reverse transcription, PCR,dideoxy-chain termination, and cycle sequencing, alter highly conserved sequences at intron/exon boundaries and prevent the RNA-splicing apparatus from properly which recognize the normal splice junction.
>These mutations, identified by standard methods of reverse transcription, PCR,dideoxy-chain termination, and cycle sequencing, alter highly conserved sequences at intron/exon boundaries and the normal splice junction is recognized by the RNA-splicing apparatus.
>These mutations, identified by standard methods of reverse transcription, PCR,dideoxy-chain termination, and cycle sequencing, alter highly conserved sequences at intron/exon boundaries and the normal splice junction was recognized by the RNA-splicing apparatus.
-
>A number of Ags recognized by class I-restricted melanoma-specific T cells have recently been isolated, raising the hope that this will lead to the development of improved therapies.
>A number of Ags which is recognized by class I-restricted melanoma-specific T cells have recently been isolated, raising the hope that this will lead to the development of improved therapies.
>A number of Ags which was recognized by class I-restricted melanoma-specific T cells have recently been isolated, raising the hope that this will lead to the development of improved therapies.
>Class I-restricted melanoma-specific T cells recognized A number of Ags isolating, raising the hope that this will lead to the development of improved therapies.
>Class I-restricted melanoma-specific T cells recognize A number of Ags isolating, raising the hope that this will lead to the development of improved therapies.
-
>Exactly how specific splice sites are recognized during the processing of complex precursor messenger RNAs is not clear.
>Exactly how specific splice sites were recognized during the processing of complex precursor messenger RNAs is not clear.
>Exactly how specific splice sites have been recognized during the processing of complex precursor messenger RNAs is not clear.
>Exactly how specific splice sites will be recognized during the processing of complex precursor messenger RNAs is not clear.
-
>Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1 antibodies recognize specifically a approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle.
>Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1 antibodies recognized specifically a approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle.
>A approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle is recognized by Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1.
>A approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle was recognized by Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1.
>A approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle has been recognized by Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1.
>A approximately 70kD polypeptide in western blots of extraocular muscle, sternothyroid muscle, and smooth muscle will be recognized by Anti-64kD human autoantigen D1.
-
>These bands can be detected with four different specific antibodies recognizing the different nonmuscle myosin heavy chain isoforms (A and B)
>These bands can be detected with four different specific antibodies which recognize the different nonmuscle myosin heavy chain isoforms (A and B)
>These bands can be detected with four different specific antibodies which recognized the different nonmuscle myosin heavy chain isoforms (A and B)
>These bands can be detected with four different specific antibodies that recognize the different nonmuscle myosin heavy chain isoforms (A and B)
>These bands can be detected with four different specific antibodies that recognized the different nonmuscle myosin heavy chain isoforms (A and B)
-
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes which are recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes which were recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes which have been recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
>To define the subcellular location of HVDAC isoforms, HVDAC genes were modified so that the encoded proteins contain COOH-terminal epitopes which will be recognized by either of two monoclonal antibodies.
-
>Individual cell clones were analyzed for STAT1 expression by immunofluorescence with a monoclonal antibody recognizing the STAT1 N-terminus, and by western blotting.
>Individual cell clones were analyzed for STAT1 expression by immunofluorescence with a monoclonal antibody which recognize the STAT1 N-terminus, and by western blotting
>Individual cell clones were analyzed for STAT1 expression by immunofluorescence with a monoclonal antibody which recognized the STAT1 N-terminus, and by western blotting
>Individual cell clones were analyzed for STAT1 expression by immunofluorescence with the STAT1 N-terminus are recognized by a monoclonal antibody.
>Individual cell clones were analyzed for STAT1 expression by immunofluorescence with the STAT1 N-terminus were recognized by a monoclonal antibody.
-
>A monoclonal antibody recognizing the STAT1 N-terminus was purchased from Transduction Laboratories (Lexington, KY).
>A monoclonal antibody which recognizes the STAT1 N-terminus was purchased from Transduction Laboratories (Lexington, KY).
>A monoclonal antibody which recognized the STAT1 N-terminus was purchased from Transduction Laboratories (Lexington, KY).
>The STAT1 N-terminus are recognized by A monoclonal antibody purchasing from Transduction Laboratories (Lexington, KY).
>The STAT1 N-terminus were recognized by A monoclonal antibody purchasing from Transduction Laboratories (Lexington, KY).
-
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) which are recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) which were recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) that are recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) that were recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) that have been recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
>The two forms of Stat3 (Stat3fm and Stat3sm) that will be recognized by this antibody in PKR+/+MEFs are indicated.
-
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, is not recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, was not recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, that is not recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, that was not recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, has not been recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
>The lower form of Stat3, Stat3Beta, will not be recognized in the immunoprecipitaiton with anti-Stat3 pAb as it is raised against a C-terminal region of Stat3 that is missing in Stat3Beta.
-
>Blots were probed with affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum that recognizes epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution, with a RAT monoclonal anti-HA antibody (Boehringer-Ingelheim) that recognizes the sequence(YPYDVPDYA) at a 1:500 dilution, with rabbit polyclonal anti-CD40 antiserum tha trecognizes the C-terminus of CD40 at a 1:500 dilution, or with rabbit polyclonal anti-GFP or anti-RFP (Clontech) antiserum at a 1:250 dilution.
>Blots were probed with affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum that recognizes epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution.
>Blots were probed with affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum that recognized epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution.
>Blots were probed with affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum recognizing epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution.
>Affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum recognizes epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution.
>Affinity-purified polyclonal anti-LMP-1 antiserum recognized epitopes in the C-terminus of LMP-1 at a 1:200 dilution.
-
>We also report the existence of isoforms of NF-YA which result from differential splicing.
>We also reported the existence of isoforms of NF-YA which resulted from differential splicing.
>The research show the existence of isoforms of NF-YA which result from differential splicing.
>The research show the existence of isoforms of NF-YA which resulted from differential splicing.
>We also report the existence of isoforms of NF-YA that will result from differential splicing.
>We also reported the existence of isoforms of NF-YA that has resulted from differential splicing.
-
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) result in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) resulted in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) will result in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) has resulted in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) that result in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
>Both the 5&apos; and 3&apos; splice site mutations (1060 + 2t-->c and 678-7g-->a, respectively) that resulted in high proportions of mature mRNAs containing introns, which has not been observed for other splicing mutations.
-
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins results from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins resulted from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins will result from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins have resulted from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins, which results from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
>Sequence analysis of the IDHbeta gene indicates that the difference in the C-terminal 28 amino acids between beta(1) and beta(2) proteins, which resulted from alternative splicing of a single transcript.
-
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation result in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation resulted in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation which result in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation which resulted in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation will result in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation has resulted in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation that result in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
>Alternative splicing of exon 2 (139 nt) and alternative transcriptional initiation that resulted in mRNA species with distinct 5&apos;UTRs.
-
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) are likely to result in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) has resulted in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) will result in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) that resulted in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) that result in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) has resulted in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
>Two are missense mutations in exon 2 (G339D and R340C), and the other three alterations (a nonsense mutation, a frameshift, and a splicing mutation) which resulted in truncated nonfunctional proteins.
-
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells resulted in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity.
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells result in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity.
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells has resulted in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity.
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells will result in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity.
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells that resulted in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity.
>Expression of isoform II cDNA in COS7 cells that result in a marked increase in PAF acetylhydrolase activity
-
>Human mucin gene MUC5B, the 10.7-kb large central exon encodes various alternate subdomains resulting in a super-repeat.
>Human mucin gene MUC5B, the 10.7-kb large central exon encodes various alternate subdomains which result in a super-repeat.
>Human mucin gene MUC5B, the 10.7-kb large central exon encodes various alternate subdomains which resulted in a super-repeat.
>Human mucin gene MUC5B, the 10.7-kb large central exon encodes various alternate subdomains which will result in a super-repeat.
>Human mucin gene MUC5B, the 10.7-kb large central exon encodes various alternate subdomains which has resulted in a super-repeat.
-
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, resulting in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, which results in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, which resulted in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, which will result in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, which has resulted in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, that will result in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
>The change may cause the heat instability and affect the net charge of the variant subunit, that has resulted in an electrophoretic LDH-B subunit variant of the fast type.
-
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 resulting in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 which results in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 which resulted in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 which will result in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 which has resulted in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
>Complete sequencing of the prion protein open reading frame of a 68-year-old woman affected by a familial form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) revealed a new mutation at codon 210 that resulted in the substitution of isoleucine for valine.
-
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals results in a 543 bp product.
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals resulted in a 543 bp product.
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals will result in a 543 bp product.
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals has resulted in a 543 bp product.
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals which results in a 543 bp product.
>Exon 13 skipping in s1031 animals which resulted in a 543 bp product.
-
>This result also supports our interpretation that let-341 (s1031) represents a loss-of-function rather a severe reduction-of-function mutation, because we expect that fluctuation in the ras-dependent signaling caused by a sli-1 mutation would result in a dramatic change in vulval induction under the condition where a low level activity of LET-23/SEM-5/SOS-1 is present (C.Yoon, C.Chang and P.Sternberg, unpublished).
>Fluctuation in the ras-dependent signaling results in a dramatic change in vulval induction under the condition where a low level activity of LET-23/SEM-5/SOS-1 is present.
>Fluctuation in the ras-dependent signaling resulted in a dramatic change in vulval induction under the condition where a low level activity of LET-23/SEM-5/SOS-1 is present.
>Fluctuation in the ras-dependent signaling that will result in a dramatic change in vulval induction under the condition where a low level activity of LET-23/SEM-5/SOS-1 is present.
>Fluctuation in the ras-dependent signaling that has resulted in a dramatic change in vulval induction under the condition where a low level activity of LET-23/SEM-5/SOS-1 is present.
-
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, results in a Clr phenotype.
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, resulted in a Clr phenotype.
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, which results in a Clr phenotype.
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, which resulted in a Clr phenotype.
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, will result in a Clr phenotype.
>A role for SOS-1 in FGFR-mediated signaling during development Hyperactive EGL-15 FGF receptor signaling, conferred by either an activated egl-15 or a lf clr-1 mutation, has resulted in a Clr phenotype.
-
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, results in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, resulted in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, which results in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, which resulted in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, that results in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, that resulted in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, will result in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
>Decreased EGL-15 signaling, conferred by a partial lf egl-15 mutation, has resulted in a scrawny body morphology phenotype(Kokel et al., 1998).
-
>One variant results from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
>One variant resulted from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
>One variant which results from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
>One variant which resulted from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
>One variant has shown to result from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
>One variant has found to result from failure to use the normal splice donor site of intron 12.
-
>Direct sequencing of the PAF-2 gene revealed a homozygous 1-bp insertion at nucleotide 511 (511 insT) in one patient with group C Zellweger syndrome (ZS), which introduces a premature termination codon in the PAF-2 gene, and, in the second patient, revealed a splice-site mutation in intron 3 (IVS3+1G-->A), which skipped exon 3, an event that leads to peroxisome deficiency.
>Direct sequencing of the PAF-2 gene revealed a homozygous 1-bp insertion at nucleotide 511 (511 insT) in one patient with group C Zellweger syndrome (ZS), which introduces a premature termination codon in the PAF-2 gene, and, in the second patient, revealed a splice-site mutation in intron 3 (IVS3+1G-->A), which skips exon 3, an event that leads to peroxisome deficiency.
>Direct sequencing of the PAF-2 gene revealed a homozygous 1-bp insertion at nucleotide 511 (511 insT) in one patient with group C Zellweger syndrome (ZS), which introduces a premature termination codon in the PAF-2 gene, and, in the second patient, revealed a splice-site mutation in intron 3 (IVS3+1G-->A), which has skipped exon 3, an event that leads to peroxisome deficiency.
>Direct sequencing of the PAF-2 gene revealed a homozygous 1-bp insertion at nucleotide 511 (511 insT) in one patient with group C Zellweger syndrome (ZS), which introduces a premature termination codon in the PAF-2 gene, and, in the second patient, revealed a splice-site mutation in intron 3 (IVS3+1G-->A), which will skip exon 3, an event that leads to peroxisome deficiency.
-
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) can be skipped by alternative splicing and can generate a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) was skipped by alternative splicing and generated a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) is skipped by alternative splicing and generates a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) will be skipped by alternative splicing and can generate a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) has been skipped by alternative splicing and generated a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
>Finally, a stop codon-containing exon (exon 4) could be skipped by alternative splicing and generates a transcript that is predicted to encode a fusion protein.
-
>Megakaryocytes undergo an endomitotic cell cycle, which consists of an S phase interrupted by a gap, during which the cells enter mitosis but skip anaphase B and cytokinesis.
>Megakaryocytes undergo an endomitotic cell cycle, which consists of an S phase interrupted by a gap, during which the cells skip anaphase B and cytokinesis.
>Megakaryocytes undergo an endomitotic cell cycle, which consists of an S phase interrupted by a gap, during which the cells skipped anaphase B and cytokinesis.
>Megakaryocytes undergo an endomitotic cell cycle, which consists of an S phase interrupted by a gap, during which the cells has skipped anaphase B and cytokinesis.
>Megakaryocytes undergo an endomitotic cell cycle, which consists of an S phase interrupted by a gap, during which the cells will skip anaphase B and cytokinesis.
-
>In the case of the 12-membered ring macrolide, an acyl-enzyme intermediate on PikAIII is able to efficiently skip the last extension step and is cyclized by the TE domain of PikAIV, presumably as a result of a PikAIII-PikAIV interaction.
>In the case of the 12-membered ring macrolide, an acyl-enzyme intermediate on PikAIII skipped efficiently the last extension step and is cyclized by the TE domain of PikAIV, presumably as a result of a PikAIII-PikAIV interaction.
>In the case of the 12-membered ring macrolide, an acyl-enzyme intermediate on PikAIII skips efficiently the last extension step and is cyclized by the TE domain of PikAIV, presumably as a result of a PikAIII-PikAIV interaction.
>In the case of the 12-membered ring macrolide, an acyl-enzyme intermediate on PikAIII has skipped efficiently the last extension step and is cyclized by the TE domain of PikAIV, presumably as a result of a PikAIII-PikAIV interaction.
>In the case of the 12-membered ring macrolide, an acyl-enzyme intermediate on PikAIII will skip efficiently the last extension step and is cyclized by the TE domain of PikAIV, presumably as a result of a PikAIII-PikAIV interaction.
-
>Translation of this RNA is initiated by a ribosome shunt mechanism, in which ribosomes translate the most 5′-proximal short ORF (sORF A), then skip a large region of the leader containing a putative RNA encapsidation signal and reinitiate translation at the first long viral ORF.
>Translation of this RNA is initiated by a ribosome shunt mechanism, in which ribosomes translate the most 5′-proximal short ORF (sORF A), which skip a large region of the leader containing a putative RNA encapsidation signal and reinitiate translation at the first long viral ORF.
>Translation of this RNA is initiated by a ribosome shunt mechanism, in which ribosomes translate the most 5′-proximal short ORF (sORF A), that skipped a large region of the leader containing a putative RNA encapsidation signal and reinitiate translation at the first long viral ORF.
>Translation of this RNA is initiated by a ribosome shunt mechanism, in which ribosomes translate the most 5′-proximal short ORF (sORF A), that skip a large region of the leader containing a putative RNA encapsidation signal and reinitiate translation at the first long viral ORF.
>Translation of this RNA is initiated by a ribosome shunt mechanism, in which ribosomes translate the most 5′-proximal short ORF (sORF A), which skipped a large region of the leader containing a putative RNA encapsidation signal and reinitiate translation at the first long viral ORF.
-
>Xist RNA coated the autosome but skipped the Xic Tg, raising the possibility that X chromosome domains escape inactivation by excluding Xist RNA binding.
>Xist RNA coats the autosome but skips the Xic Tg, raising the possibility that X chromosome domains escape inactivation by excluding Xist RNA binding.
>Xist RNA coated the autosome but has skipped the Xic Tg, raising the possibility that X chromosome domains escape inactivation by excluding Xist RNA binding.
>Xist RNA coats the autosome but will skip the Xic Tg, raising the possibility that X chromosome domains escape inactivation by excluding Xist RNA binding.
-
>The centromere was skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere is skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere will be skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere has been skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere which was skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere which is skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere that will be skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
>The centromere that has been skipped on all Tg autosomes as on the female Xi.
-
>The observation that Tg Xist RNA skips the ectopic Xic raises the possibility that the Xic lacks Xist-binding sites and therefore escapes inactivation on the Xi.
>The observation that Tg Xist RNA skipped the ectopic Xic raises the possibility that the Xic lacks Xist-binding sites and therefore escapes inactivation on the Xi.
>The observation that Tg Xist RNA will skip the ectopic Xic raises the possibility that the Xic lacks Xist-binding sites and therefore escapes inactivation on the Xi.
>The observation that Tg Xist RNA has skipped the ectopic Xic raises the possibility that the Xic lacks Xist-binding sites and therefore escapes inactivation on the Xi.
-
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron are spliced.
>Consequently, exon 30 is spliced together with the intron.
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron was spliced.
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron has been spliced.
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron will be spliced.
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron which is spliced.
>Consequently, exon 30 with the intron which was spliced.
-
>The structure of different cDNA clones indicates that USF RNA is differentially spliced, and alternative exon usage may regulate the levels of functional USF protein.
>The structure of different cDNA clones indicates that USF RNA was differentially spliced, and alternative exon usage may regulate the levels of functional USF protein.
>The structure of different cDNA clones indicates that USF RNA will be differentially spliced, and alternative exon usage may regulate the levels of functional USF protein.
>The structure of different cDNA clones indicates that USF RNA has been differentially spliced, and alternative exon usage may regulate the levels of functional USF protein.
-
>We also identified four transcriptional units that are spliced but contain no obvious open reading frame.
>We also identified four transcriptional units that were spliced but contain no obvious open reading frame.
>We also identified four transcriptional units that will be spliced but contain no obvious open reading frame.
>We also identified four transcriptional units that has been spliced but contain no obvious open reading frame.
-
>The Supt4h gene is spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene was spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene that is spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene that was spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene which is spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene which was spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene will be spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
>The Supt4h gene has been spliced normally from five exons encoded by chromosome 11.
-
>A caspase-2 minigene construct has been made that can be alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct was made that was alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct is made that is alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct will be made that can be alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct would be made that was alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct could made that is alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct which has been made that can be alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct which was made that was alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
>A caspase-2 minigene construct which is made that is alternatively spliced in transfected cells and nuclear extracts.
-
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) was spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) is spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) has been spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) will be spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) that was spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) that is spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) that has been spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
>The casp-2 minigene (C2) that will be spliced efficiently in vitro, and the ratio of casp-2S to casp-2L mRNAs produced was similar to the one observed in vivo (Fig.1 C, lane 1).
-
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate was spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate is spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate has been spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate will be spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate which was spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate which is spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
>When incubated in nuclear extracts or transfected in HeLa cells, the C2Gloi2 substrate which has been spliced predominantly following the exon-skipping pathway to a level similar to that obtained with the C2 substrate (data not shown and Fig.2 E, compare lane 3 to lane 1).
-
>An additional observation with the tandem repeat-containing 3? substrates was that the efficiency of bimolecular exon ligation decreased stepwise with each mutation that moved the 5?-most AG 6 nt further downstream such that RNA 3I spliced only 20% as efficiently as RNA 3F (Fig.1 C Left).
>An additional observation with the tandem repeat-containing 3? substrates was that the efficiency of bimolecular exon ligation decreased stepwise with each mutation that moved the 5?-most AG 6 nt further downstream such that RNA 3I splices only 20% as efficiently as RNA 3F (Fig.1 C Left).
>An additional observation with the tandem repeat-containing 3? substrates was that the efficiency of bimolecular exon ligation decreased stepwise with each mutation that moved the 5?-most AG 6 nt further downstream such that RNA 3I has spliced only 20% as efficiently as RNA 3F (Fig.1 C Left).
>An additional observation with the tandem repeat-containing 3? substrates was that the efficiency of bimolecular exon ligation decreased stepwise with each mutation that moved the 5?-most AG 6 nt further downstream such that RNA 3I will splice only 20% as efficiently as RNA 3F (Fig.1 C Left).
-
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes are spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes were spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes will be spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes have been spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes that were spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes that will be spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
>The pre-mRNAs from all of these genes that have been spliced with little or no exon-skipping (ref.16; also Fig.1 C and data not shown), suggesting that correct exon inclusion can be managed by the yeast gene expression machinery.
-
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 is spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 was spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 has been spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 will be spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 which is spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 which was spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 which has been spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
>However, a pre-mRNA containing mutations in SE2 which will be spliced predominantly using the nt 3605 3' splice site.
-
>Vertebrate internal exons are usually between 50 and 400 nt long; exons outside this size range may require additional exonic and/or intronic sequences to be spliced into the mature mRNA.
>Exons outside this size range are spliced into the mature mRNA.
>Exons outside this size range were spliced into the mature mRNA.
-
>The mouse polymeric immunoglobulin receptor gene has a 654 nt exon that is efficiently spliced into the mRNA.
>The mouse polymeric immunoglobulin receptor gene has a 654 nt exon that was efficiently spliced into the mRNA.
>The mouse polymeric immunoglobulin receptor gene has a 654 nt exon that has been efficiently spliced into the mRNA.
>The mouse polymeric immunoglobulin receptor gene has a 654 nt exon that will be efficiently spliced into the mRNA.
-
>CD1c has a duplicated form of this exon that is thought to be spliced out.
>CD1c having a duplicated form of this exon is spliced out.
>CD1c having a duplicated form of this exon was spliced out.
>CD1c having a duplicated form of this exon has been spliced out.
>CD1c having a duplicated form of this exon will be spliced out.
-
>We have shown that in the human, as in the chicken, one exon is spliced out of the MLC3nm transcript in smooth muscle to give an alternative product.
>We have shown that in the human, as in the chicken, one exon was spliced out of the MLC3nm transcript in smooth muscle to give an alternative product.
>We have shown that in the human, as in the chicken, one exon has been spliced out of the MLC3nm transcript in smooth muscle to give an alternative product.
>We have shown that in the human, as in the chicken, one exon will be spliced out of the MLC3nm transcript in smooth muscle to give an alternative product.
-
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), which displayed normal motility, had intragenic mutations that resulted in failure to splice out intron 21.
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), intragenic mutations are spliced out intron 21.
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), intragenic mutations were spliced out intron 21.
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), intragenic mutations have been spliced out intron 21.
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), intragenic mutations will be spliced out intron 21.
>Thre of the revertants obtained from the null allele unc-68(e540), which displayed normal motility, had intragenic mutations that resulted in failure splicing out intron 21.
-
>It was observed that the cell lines differed in their ability to splice out a retained intron in the 5&apos; UTR of HYAL1 mRNA.
>The cell lines spliced out a retained intron in the 5&apos; UTR of HYAL1 mRNA.
>The cell lines splices out a retained intron in the 5&apos; UTR of HYAL1 mRNA.
>A retained intron in the 5&apos; UTR of HYAL1 mRNA is spliced out by the cell lines.
>A retained intron in the 5&apos; UTR of HYAL1 mRNA was spliced out by the cell lines.
-
>The failure to splice out putative intron sequences in transcripts which spanned exon-intron boundaries is expected in antisense transcripts, as candidate donor and acceptor sites were only present in the gene when
>It splices out putative intron sequences in transcripts which spanned exon-intron boundaries is expected in antisense transcripts, as candidate donor and acceptor sites were only present in the gene when
>It spliced out putative intron sequences in transcripts which spanned exon-intron boundaries is expected in antisense transcripts, as candidate donor and acceptor sites were only present in the gene when
>It will splice out putative intron sequences in transcripts which spanned exon-intron boundaries is expected in antisense transcripts, as candidate donor and acceptor sites were only present in the gene when
-
>This isoform results from a failure to splice out an intron during mRNA processing.
>It spliced out an intron during mRNA processing.
>It splices out an intron during mRNA processing.
>an intron was spliced out during mRNA processing.
>an intron is spliced out during mRNA processing.
-
>Failure to splice out this intron resulted in a substitution of the final 13 amino acids of the deduced amino acid sequence.
>It does not splice out this intron, this resulted in a substitution of the final 13 amino acids of the deduced amino acid sequence.
>It did not splice out this intron, this resulted in a substitution of the final 13 amino acids of the deduced amino acid sequence.
>this intron was not spliced out, resulting in a substitution of the final 13 amino acids of the deduced amino acid sequence.
>this intron is not spliced out, resulting in a substitution of the final 13 amino acids of the deduced amino acid sequence.
-
>Virtually all genes of higher organisms have non-coding introns interspersed between the coding exons that must be spliced out in order to generate a mature messenger RNA molecule used to encode proteins.
>Non-coding introns were spliced out in order to generate a mature messenger RNA molecule used to encode proteins.
>Non-coding introns are spliced out in order to generate a mature messenger RNA molecule used to encode proteins.
>It spliced in order to generate a mature messenger RNA molecule used to encode proteins.
>It splices in order to generate a mature messenger RNA molecule used to encode proteins.
-
>Moreover, exon 16 can be spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
>Moreover, exon 16 was spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
>Moreover, exon 16 is spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
>Moreover, exon 16 will be spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
>Moreover, exon 16 has ben spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
>Moreover, exon 16 which is spliced out from the mature transcripts that contain exons 15 to 24.
-
>In the remaining allelic p53 gene, there was a single-base substitution of G to T at position 1 within the splice donor site of intron 7, and the mutated intron was not spliced out during the mRNA maturation process.
>the mutated intron was not spliced out during the mRNA maturation process.
>the mutated intron is not spliced out during the mRNA maturation process.
>the mutated intron has not been spliced out during the mRNA maturation process.
>the mutated intron will not be spliced out during the mRNA maturation process.
-
>The gene is transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and shows differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
>The gene was transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and showed differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
>The gene has been transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and shows differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
>The gene will be transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and showed differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
>The gene which  is transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and shows differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
>The gene which was transcribed in a large variety of organs and tissues and showed differential splicing of two exons, giving rise to at least three different transcripts.
-
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, transcribes two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, transcribed two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, have transcribes two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, which transcribed two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, which transcribes two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
>KLK14 is approximately 5.4 kb in length spanning seven exons and, by Northern blot analysis, that transcribed two alternative transcripts present only in prostate (1.5 kb) and skeletal muscle (1.9 kb).
-
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs were transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs are transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs have been transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs will be transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs which were transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs which are transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
>The 7.5- and 3.5-kb FZD5 mRNAs which have been transcribed probably due to alternative splicing.
-
>The fNF-E2 isoform is transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform was transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform has been transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform will be transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform that is transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform that was transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
>The fNF-E2 isoform that has been transcribed from an alternative promoter located in the 3&apos; end of the first intron and joined by alternative splicing to the second and third exons, which are shared by both RNA isoforms.
-
>This antisense-BCMA RNA is transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA was transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA has been transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA will be transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA which was transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA which has been transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
>This antisense-BCMA RNA which will be transcribed from the same locus as BCMA, and exhibits mRNA characteristic features, e.g.polyadenylation and splicing.
-
>The plastid genome is known to be transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
>The plastid genome is transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
>The plastid genome was transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
>The plastid genome is found to be transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
>The plastid genome has been transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
>The plastid genome will be transcribed by a plastid-encoded prokaryotic-type RNA polymerase (PEP) and a nucleus-encoded phage-type RNA polymerase (NEP).
-
>NEP-2 specifically transcribes the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically transcribed the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically has transcribed the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically will transcribe the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically that transcribes the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically that transcribed the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically that has transcribed the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
>NEP-2 specifically that will transcribe the rrn operon in the presence of the transcription factor CDF2.
-
>Subsequently, the negative-strand RNAs are used as templates to transcribe mRNAs, which include a genomic-sized RNA and a nested set of subgenomic mRNA transcripts, all with an identical 5_ non-translated leader sequence of 72&#8211; 77 nucleotides and 3_ co-terminal polyadenylated ends.
>Subsequently, the negative-strand RNAs are transcribed mRNAs, which include a genomic-sized RNA and a nested set of subgenomic mRNA transcripts, all with an identical 5_ non-translated leader sequence of 72&#8211; 77 nucleotides and 3_ co-terminal polyadenylated ends.
>Subsequently, the negative-strand RNAs were transcribed mRNAs, which include a genomic-sized RNA and a nested set of subgenomic mRNA transcripts, all with an identical 5_ non-translated leader sequence of 72&#8211; 77 nucleotides and 3_ co-terminal polyadenylated ends.
>Subsequently, the negative-strand RNAs are used has been transcribed mRNAs, which include a genomic-sized RNA and a nested set of subgenomic mRNA transcripts, all with an identical 5_ non-translated leader sequence of 72&#8211; 77 nucleotides and 3_ co-terminal polyadenylated ends.
-
>They also indicate that spinach harvested in March should contain preferentially NEP, i.e.the enzyme that transcribes the rrn operon at PC.
>They also indicate that spinach harvested in March should contain preferentially NEP, i.e.the enzyme that transcribed the rrn operon at PC.
>They also indicate that spinach harvested in March should contain preferentially NEP, i.e.the enzyme that will transcribe the rrn operon at PC.
>They also indicate that spinach harvested in March should contain preferentially NEP, i.e.the enzyme that has transcribed the rrn operon at PC.
-
>We and others have found that FGF8b can transform the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
>FGF8b transformed the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
>FGF8b transforms the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
>We and others have shown that FGF8b can transform the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
>We and others have shown that FGF8b could transform the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
>We and others have shown that FGF8b will transform the midbrain into a cerebellum fate, whereas FGF8a can promote midbrain development.
-
>This construct was transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct is transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct has been transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct will be transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct that was transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct which is transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct that has been transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
>This construct which will be transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
-
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 was transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 is transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 has been transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 will be transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 which was transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 which is transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 that has been transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 that will be transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
-
>The DNA of budded viruses (BVs) was used to transform E.coli.
>The DNA of budded viruses (BVs) transformed E.coli.
>The DNA of budded viruses (BVs) transforms E.coli.
>E.coli was transformed by The DNA of budded viruses (BVs).
>E.coli is transformed by The DNA of budded viruses (BVs).
-
>Expression plasmids of the combinations indicated (central panel) were transformed into yeast and selected for by growth on plates lacking leucine and tryptophan (left panel).
>Expression plasmids of the combinations indicated (central panel) are transformed into yeast and selected for by growth on plates lacking leucine and tryptophan (left panel).
>Expression plasmids of the combinations indicated (central panel) will be transformed into yeast and selected for by growth on plates lacking leucine and tryptophan (left panel).
>Expression plasmids of the combinations indicated (central panel) has been transformed into yeast and selected for by growth on plates lacking leucine and tryptophan (left panel).
-
>This construct was transformed into the yeast strain HF7c (Clontech).
-
>For expression of the recombinant protein, pET28a-5 was transformed into Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3).
-
>To generate GST fusion proteins, the relevant DNA fragments were cloned into pGex2T(Pharmacia) and transformed into the bacterial strains BL21 or TOPP (Stratagene).
>To generate GST fusion proteins, the relevant DNA fragments were cloned into pGex2T(Pharmacia) and transforme into the bacterial strains BL21 or TOPP (Stratagene).
>To generate GST fusion proteins, the relevant DNA fragments were cloned into pGex2T(Pharmacia) and will transforme into the bacterial strains BL21 or TOPP (Stratagene).
>To generate GST fusion proteins, the relevant DNA fragments were cloned into pGex2T(Pharmacia) and can transforme into the bacterial strains BL21 or TOPP (Stratagene).
-
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 were transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 are transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 will be transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 has been transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 that were transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 that are transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
>Expression of recombinat proteins Full-lenght and C-terminal SBP2 constructs in pASK-IB7 that will be transformed into Escherichia coli BL21 (Promega)
-
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript which would be translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript which will be translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript which was translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript which is translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript would be translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript will be translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
>Alternative splicing of exon 4 results in a transcript was translated into a C-terminal truncated protein containing the first, second and third transmembrane domains, while the splicing out of exons 3 and 4 would produce a protein with five membrane-spanning domains but lacking the third and fourth domains present in the ET-AR protein.
-
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 were translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 are translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 has been translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 will be translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 which were translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 that are translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 that has been translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
>Stat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 that will be translated in vitro and partially purified on heparin-agarose.
-
>Stat1 Y701F translated in vitro can also dimerize on the LMP2 GAS.
>Stat1 Y701F which is translated in vitro can also dimerize on the LMP2 GAS.
>Stat1 Y701F which was translated in vitro can also dimerize on the LMP2 GAS.
>Stat1 Y701F which has been translated in vitro can also dimerize on the LMP2 GAS.
>Stat1 Y701F which will be translated in vitro can also dimerize on the LMP2 GAS.
-
>In vitro translation and partial purification o fStat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 were translated in vitro using the T7-based coupled transcription-translation kit (Promega) as per the manufacturer fs instructions.
>In vitro translation and partial purification o fStat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 are translated in vitro using the T7-based coupled transcription-translation kit (Promega) as per the manufacturer fs instructions.
>In vitro translation and partial purification o fStat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 will be translated in vitro using the T7-based coupled transcription-translation kit (Promega) as per the manufacturer fs instructions.
>In vitro translation and partial purification o fStat1, Stat1 Y701F, Stat1 N135, Stat1 N200 and Stat5/1 has been translated in vitro using the T7-based coupled transcription-translation kit (Promega) as per the manufacturer fs instructions.
-
>We also report the first definitive incorporation of Sec into a selenoprotein translated in reticulocyte lysates.
>We also report the first definitive incorporation of Sec into a selenoprotein which is translated in reticulocyte lysates.
>We also report the first definitive incorporation of Sec into a selenoprotein which was translated in reticulocyte lysates.
>We also report the first definitive incorporation of Sec into a selenoprotein which will be translated in reticulocyte lysates.
>We also report the first definitive incorporation of Sec into a selenoprotein which has been translated in reticulocyte lysates.
-
>This mutant was translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant is translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant will be translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant has been translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant which was translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant whihc is translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant which will be translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
>This mutant which has been translated in the presence of C-terminal SBP2, and as shown in Figure 6C no readthrough is detectable when the AUGA element is deleted, indicating that the stimulatory effect is entirely 3’ UTR dependent.
-
>This review examines the use of new and emerging DNA, tissue, and live-cell transfection microarray technologies that can be used to discover, validate, and translate information resulting from the completion of the Human Genome Project.
>This review examines the use of new and emerging DNA, tissue, and live-cell transfection microarray technologies that can be used to discover, validate, and translated information resulting from the completion of the Human Genome Project.
>This review examines the use of new and emerging DNA, tissue, and live-cell transfection microarray technologies that can be used to translate information resulting from the completion of the Human Genome Project.
>This review examines the use of new and emerging DNA, tissue, and live-cell transfection microarray technologies that was translated information resulting from the completion of the Human Genome Project.
>This review examines the use of new and emerging DNA, tissue, and live-cell transfection microarray technologies that is translated information resulting from the completion of the Human Genome Project.
-
>Malaria is an attractive model for the development and validation of approaches to translate genomic information to vaccine development because of the critical need for effective anti-malarial interventions and because the Plasmodium parasite is a complex multistage pathogen targeted by multiple immune responses.
>Malaria is an attractive model for the development and validation of approaches translating genomic information to vaccine development because of the critical need for effective anti-malarial interventions and because the Plasmodium parasite is a complex multistage pathogen targeted by multiple immune responses.
-
>Thus, Acj6 and Drifter translate PN lineage information into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
>Thus, Acj6 and Drifter translated PN lineage information into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
>PN lineage information is translated by Acj6 and Drifter into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
>PN lineage information was translated by Acj6 and Drifter into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
>PN lineage information has been translated by Acj6 and Drifter into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
>PN lineage information will be translated by Acj6 and Drifter into distinct dendritic targeting specificity.
-
>Cells use signalling networks to translate with high fidelity extracellular signals into specific cellular functions.
>Cells translated with high fidelity extracellular signals into specific cellular functions.
>Cells translate with high fidelity extracellular signals into specific cellular functions.
>extracellular signals are translated by Cells into specific cellular functions.
>extracellular signals were translated by Cells into specific cellular functions.
-
>In addition, our data show that the functions performed by these molecules/pathways in promoting cell survival or apoptosis/anoikis translate into complex, differential modulations of individual Bcl-2 homologs.
>In addition, our data show that the functions performed by these molecules/pathways in promoting cell survival or apoptosis/anoikis translated into complex, differential modulations of individual Bcl-2 homologs.
>In addition, our data show that the functions performed by these molecules/pathways in promoting cell survival or apoptosis/anoikis will translate into complex, differential modulations of individual Bcl-2 homologs.
>In addition, our data show that the functions performed by these molecules/pathways in promoting cell survival or apoptosis/anoikis has translated into complex, differential modulations of individual Bcl-2 homologs.
-
>This may translate into faster activation of the muscle fibres, thus partly explaining the increase in power output.
>This translated into faster activation of the muscle fibres, thus partly explaining the increase in power output.
>This translates into faster activation of the muscle fibres, thus partly explaining the increase in power output.
>This has translated into faster activation of the muscle fibres, thus partly explaining the increase in power output.
>This will translate into faster activation of the muscle fibres, thus partly explaining the increase in power output.
-
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments that translate into chronic blood pressure reduction.
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments that translated into chronic blood pressure reduction.
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments that will translate into chronic blood pressure reduction.
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments that has translated into chronic blood pressure reduction.
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments which translate into chronic blood pressure reduction.
>Persistent diuretic use results in dynamic changes in ECW and other body fluid compartments translated into chronic blood pressure reduction.
-
>The simple rules governing how local interactions among individuals translate into group behaviors are found across social groups, giving social insects the potential to have a profound impact on our understanding of the interplay between network dynamics and social evolution.
>Local interactions among individuals translated into group behaviors, giving social insects the potential to have a profound impact on our understanding of the interplay between network dynamics and social evolution.
>Local interactions among individuals translate into group behaviors, giving social insects the potential to have a profound impact on our understanding of the interplay between network dynamics and social evolution.
>Group behaviors are translated by local interactions among individuals, giving social insects the potential to have a profound impact on our understanding of the interplay between network dynamics and social evolution.
>Group behaviors were translated by local interactions among individuals, giving social insects the potential to have a profound impact on our understanding of the interplay between network dynamics and social evolution.
-
>Interestingly, this reduction in liver injury failed to translate into improved survival.
>Interestingly, this reduction in liver injury felt to translate into improved survival.
>Interestingly, this reduction in liver injury decline to translate into improved survival.
>Interestingly, this reduction in liver injury translate into improved survival.
>Interestingly, this reduction in liver injury translated into improved survival.
-
>These changes further translate into altered expression levels and time kinetics of a number of early genes (peak expression at 2 h after stimulation).
>These changes further translated into altered expression levels and time kinetics of a number of early genes (peak expression at 2 h after stimulation).
>altered expression levels and time kinetics of a number of early genes are translated by These changes.
>altered expression levels and time kinetics of a number of early genes were translated by These changes.
-
>Remarkably, differences between ligands that seem small in the [35S]GTPgammaS binding assay translate into huge differences in the magnitude of Ca2+ responses.
>Remarkably, differences between ligands that seem small in the [35S]GTPgammaS binding assay translated into huge differences in the magnitude of Ca2+ responses.
>Remarkably, differences between ligands that seem small in the [35S]GTPgammaS binding assay will translate into huge differences in the magnitude of Ca2+ responses.
>Remarkably, differences between ligands that seem small in the [35S]GTPgammaS binding assay has translated into huge differences in the magnitude of Ca2+ responses.
-
>The majority of changes were predicted to truncate the protein through nonsense mutations (32%), insertions or deletions (29.6%), or splicing changes (6.2%), although the figures were biased by the methods employed, and, in sequenced areas, approximately 50% of all mutations were missense or in-frame.
>The majority of changes truncated the protein through nonsense mutations (32%), insertions or deletions (29.6%), or splicing changes (6.2%), although the figures were biased by the methods employed, and, in sequenced areas, approximately 50% of all mutations were missense or in-frame.
>The majority of changes have found to truncate the protein through nonsense mutations (32%), insertions or deletions (29.6%), or splicing changes (6.2%), although the figures were biased by the methods employed, and, in sequenced areas, approximately 50% of all mutations were missense or in-frame.
>The majority of changes have shown to truncate the protein through nonsense mutations (32%), insertions or deletions (29.6%), or splicing changes (6.2%), although the figures were biased by the methods employed, and, in sequenced areas, approximately 50% of all mutations were missense or in-frame.
-
>The putative resulting protein retained the region encoding the structural and functional elements of the amine oxidase but the second and fourth SRCR domains were truncated and the potential BMP-1 cleavage site was not present.
>The putative resulting protein retained the region encoding the structural and functional elements of the amine oxidase but the second and fourth SRCR domains is truncated and the potential BMP-1 cleavage site was not present.
>The putative resulting protein retained the region encoding the structural and functional elements of the amine oxidase but the second and fourth SRCR domains will be truncated and the potential BMP-1 cleavage site was not present.
>The putative resulting protein retained the region encoding the structural and functional elements of the amine oxidase but the second and fourth SRCR domains has been truncated and the potential BMP-1 cleavage site was not present.
-
>Two of these variants result in altered postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) isoforms that dramatically truncate the protein.
>Two of these variants result in altered postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) isoforms that dramatically truncated the protein.
>Two of these variants result in altered postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) isoforms that dramatically will truncate the protein.
>Two of these variants result in altered postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) isoforms that dramatically has truncated the protein.
>Two of these variants result in altered postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) isoforms that dramatically could truncate the protein.
-
>We used a gene-targeting approach in cultured myoblasts to truncate the titin gene so that the kinase domain and other domains downstream of the kinase were not expressed.
>We used a gene-targeting approach to truncate the titin gene so that the kinase domain and other domains downstream of the kinase were not expressed.
>We found a gene-targeting approach to truncate the titin gene so that the kinase domain and other domains downstream of the kinase were not expressed.
-
>Previous studies using wild-type Encephalomyocarditis virus (EMCV) and Mengo virus, which have long poly(C) tracts (61 to 146 C&apos;s) at the 5&apos; nontranslated region of the genome, and variants of these viruses genetically engineered to truncate or substitute the poly(C) tracts have produced conflicting data on the role of the poly(C) tract in the virulence of these viruses.
>Previous studies using wild-type Encephalomyocarditis virus (EMCV) and Mengo virus, which have long poly(C) tracts (61 to 146 C&apos;s) at the 5&apos; nontranslated region of the genome, and variants of these viruses genetically engineered truncating or substitute the poly(C) tracts have produced conflicting data on the role of the poly(C) tract in the virulence of these viruses.
-
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations truncate its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations truncated its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations will truncate its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations have truncated its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations which truncate its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations which truncated its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations which will truncate its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
>Frameshift SOX9 mutations which have truncated its two activation domains, while all missense mutations reported to date lie in the high mobility group (HMG) DNA-binding domain.
-
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations are predicted to truncate the protein product.
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations truncated the protein product.
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations truncate the protein product.
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations are found to truncate the protein product.
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations have truncated the protein product.
>Virtually all TSC1 mutations will truncate the protein product.
-
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) was used to truncate M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) truncated M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) truncates M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) was found to truncate M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) has truncated M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
>To evaluate the role of the N-terminus of M.MspI, 2-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzyl bromide (HNBB) will truncate M.MspI between residues 34 and 35.
-
>Specifically, the Stat5a molecule in which the C-terminus was truncated at amino acids 740 or 751 effectively blocked the induction of both CIS and OSM, whereas the C-terminal truncations at amino acids 762 or 773 had no effect on the induction of either gene.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins at amino acids 740 or 751, truncated at amino acids 762 or 773 had no effect on the induction of either gene.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins at amino acids 740 or 751, truncated at amino acids 762 or 773 had no effect on the induction of either gene.
-
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins, truncated at amino acids 762 or 773 had no effect on the induction of either gene.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins are truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins were truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins will be truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins has been truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins that are truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
>C-terminally truncated Stat5a proteins that were truncated at amino acids 762 or 773.
-
>To generate this protein, the receptor was truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor is truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor will be truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor has been truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor which was truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor which is truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor which will be truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
>To generate this protein, the receptor which has been truncated prior to two consecutive proline residues (`PP-motif_) present in the junction between domains 2 and 3 (Figure 1).
-
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR was also truncated prior to the PP-motif.
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR is also truncated prior to the PP-motif.
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR has also been truncated prior to the PP-motif.
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR will also be truncated prior to the PP-motif.
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR which was also truncated prior to the PP-motif.
>Therefor, to generate a comparable soluble fragment to IC1-2D/190, PVR which is also truncated prior to the PP-motif.